
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001128                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1128031704                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400624746102                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 400041                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   512443                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37667                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67749644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29947.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11980230978                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15346379796                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        69120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        69376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        69504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        68736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               539648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           45696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       260736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            260736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     28935357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2836800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     61274874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2723328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     61501818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     17247742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     61615289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2836800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13049279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     60934458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               478397901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2836800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2723328                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2836800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           40509500                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         231142440                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              231142440                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         231142440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     28935357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2836800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     61274874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2723328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     61501818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     17247742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     61615289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2836800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13049279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     60934458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              709540341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21976                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86427                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80773                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011514                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1178591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102016                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              244796                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       115293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles          640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124474                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2166284     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11230      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17825      0.74%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23879      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25123      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21391      0.89%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11493      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17591      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116264      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077886                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.435690                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       136251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244135                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34332                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1444721                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1997669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         15898                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       107328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238522                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        13043                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1443017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2014017                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6710241                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6710241                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         298783                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40504                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72363                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        27284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439616                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829521     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245410     10.18%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122608      5.09%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86451      3.59%     94.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69333      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28840      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18198      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9477      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1242      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.77%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          887     36.55%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1230     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141483     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20236      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123081      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72006      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501633                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5127792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334937                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         12912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439971                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72363                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12082                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12932                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25014                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337075                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187684                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189544                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71984                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494277                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335028                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1334937                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          767690                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2069518                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493487                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370951                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209535                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1860346     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257252     10.84%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93960      3.96%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45024      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42288      1.78%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22082      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16500      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8460      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26552      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        26552                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3785876                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2918581                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                294033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.705113                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.705113                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.369670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.369670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6016422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1861080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1338479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         234677                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195552                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23100                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91094                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83475                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24691                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1053                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2031122                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1286659                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            234677                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       108166                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              267201                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         65383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       174096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          131                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          127851                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22045                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2516323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628836                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2249122     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          16189      0.64%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20443      0.81%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          32754      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          13340      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          17415      0.69%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          20193      0.80%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9512      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         137355      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2516323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.086753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.475640                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2021063                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       187356                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          265889                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        41850                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        35400                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1571862                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        41850                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2023574                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles          6396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       174864                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          263499                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         6134                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1561844                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2182551                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7257871                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7257871                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1789170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         393343                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           22584                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       147857                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        75279                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        17077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1522822                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1448914                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2041                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207196                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438081                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2516323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1903949     75.66%     75.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278283     11.06%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114082      4.53%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64662      2.57%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86076      3.42%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27478      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26882      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13793      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1118      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2516323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10209     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1422     10.99%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1312     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1220949     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19556      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133272      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74960      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1448914                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.535621                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12943                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5429129                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1730412                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1408775                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1461857                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31576                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1421                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        41850                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles          4779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1523197                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147857                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75279                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12973                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13327                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        26300                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1422056                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130488                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26852                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             205424                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         200464                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            74936                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.525692                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1408809                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1408775                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          843661                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2268848                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.520782                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1040712                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1282277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240906                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        23086                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2474472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1931372     78.05%     78.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275651     11.14%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99841      4.03%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49507      2.00%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45374      1.83%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19220      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19071      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9087      0.37%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25349      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2474472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1040712                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1282277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               190136                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              116278                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           185816                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1154474                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        26456                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        25349                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3972293                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3088244                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 32943                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                188790                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1040712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1282277                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1040712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.599291                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.599291                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.384720                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.384720                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6395879                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1971231                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1451645                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         192779                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173611                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11860                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75271                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67025                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10467                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2028033                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1211673                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            192779                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        77492                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              238781                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         37400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       211042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          118004                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2503132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.568474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.882534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2264351     90.46%     90.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           8213      0.33%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          17669      0.71%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           7023      0.28%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          39032      1.56%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          34983      1.40%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           6669      0.27%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          14247      0.57%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         110945      4.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2503132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.071265                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.447920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2008860                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       230590                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          237837                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          741                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        25098                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17067                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1420276                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        25098                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2012006                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        204393                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        16455                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          235573                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9601                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1418715                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         4545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         3376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1673600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6676964                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6676964                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1450469                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         223119                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           89                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           23969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       331657                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       166721                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8157                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1414125                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1349562                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          961                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127813                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310605                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2503132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.331297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2019474     80.68%     80.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       146944      5.87%     86.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119492      4.77%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51650      2.06%     93.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64928      2.59%     95.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61190      2.44%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34889      1.39%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2832      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1733      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2503132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3371     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25774     86.19%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          760      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       850210     63.00%     63.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11764      0.87%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       321364     23.81%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166144     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1349562                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.498893                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5233122                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1542159                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1336350                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1379467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2396                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15693                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        25098                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        197858                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2238                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1414294                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       331657                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166721                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6191                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7410                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        13601                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1338792                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       320234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             486346                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         175106                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           166112                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.494912                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1336464                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1336350                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          723212                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1430757                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.494009                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505475                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1076729                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1265262                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149147                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        11910                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2478034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.510591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2017115     81.40%     81.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169632      6.85%     88.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79109      3.19%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77959      3.15%     94.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21034      0.85%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89102      3.60%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6900      0.28%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4975      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12208      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2478034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1076729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1265262                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               481152                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              315957                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           167078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1125122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        12208                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3880235                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2853940                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 44879                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                201981                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1076729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1265262                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1076729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.512343                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.512343                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.398035                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.398035                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6611736                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1556930                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1683485                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         210659                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172532                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21975                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86417                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80763                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21239                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011224                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1178409                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            210659                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       102002                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              244759                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         61070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       111269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          604                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          124457                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21811                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2406686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2161927     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11228      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          17824      0.74%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          23874      0.99%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          25120      1.04%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          21388      0.89%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11490      0.48%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          17588      0.73%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         116247      4.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2406686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077874                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.435623                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1991359                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       132224                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          244097                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        38609                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        34327                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1444492                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        38609                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1997347                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         15935                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       103269                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          238484                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        13038                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1442787                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2013692                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6709173                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6709173                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1714932                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         298760                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           40497                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       136042                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        72351                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        27276                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439372                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356764                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          339                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177242                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431216                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2406686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1825289     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245312     10.19%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122578      5.09%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86403      3.59%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69304      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28888      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18195      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9475      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1242      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2406686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.75%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          887     36.49%     49.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1234     50.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141303     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20229      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123069      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71995      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356764                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.501555                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2431                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5122984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1616977                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334728                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359195                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24606                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1466                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        38609                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         12946                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1155                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439727                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136042                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72351                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          972                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12081                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12931                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25012                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1336869                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115688                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19895                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             187661                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         189514                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            71973                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.494201                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1334819                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1334728                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          767564                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2069215                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.493409                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370945                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999832                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230237                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209501                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22031                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2368077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1856100     78.38%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257183     10.86%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93925      3.97%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44963      1.90%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42308      1.79%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22079      0.93%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16500      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8464      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26555      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2368077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       999832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1230237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               182321                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              111436                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           177359                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1108441                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25328                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        26555                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3781247                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2918091                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                298427                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            999832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1230237                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       999832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.705568                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.705568                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.369608                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.369608                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6015492                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1860782                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1338274                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         189724                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168119                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16520                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122564                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117565                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11677                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1964724                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1074790                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            189724                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       129242                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              238439                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         53637                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        82145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          120171                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16107                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2322336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.774387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2083897     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          35356      1.52%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18739      0.81%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          34243      1.47%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          11749      0.51%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          31608      1.36%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           5158      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9087      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8          92499      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2322336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.070135                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.397318                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1938413                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       109133                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          237842                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        36681                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        19138                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          348                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1211130                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1370                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        36681                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1941672                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         68214                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        31246                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          234658                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         9864                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1208587                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         7984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1595117                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5488122                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5488122                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1270740                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         324365                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           21032                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       209665                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        36425                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          283                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8274                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1200690                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1115754                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       229638                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       484330                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2322336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.099708                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1834416     78.99%     78.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       157429      6.78%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158394      6.82%     92.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92760      3.99%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50259      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13207      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15208      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          366      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          297      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2322336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2053     57.85%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          839     23.64%     81.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          657     18.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       880900     78.95%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9179      0.82%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189573     16.99%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36019      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1115754                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.412461                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3549                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003181                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4558484                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1430502                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1085874                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1119303                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          913                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44695                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1077                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        36681                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         56253                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          972                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1200855                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           59                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209665                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36425                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9889                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7580                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        17469                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1099390                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186322                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16364                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             222332                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         166394                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            36010                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.406412                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1086211                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1085874                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          656392                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1461699                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.401415                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.449061                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       855494                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps       968875                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       232034                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        16256                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2285655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423894                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1922303     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144548      6.32%     90.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91308      3.99%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28641      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46989      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9669      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6289      0.28%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5511      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30397      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2285655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       855494                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps       968875                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               200314                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              164966                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           148478                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          847914                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        12569                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        30397                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3456167                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2438535                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 44500                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                382777                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            855494                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps              968875                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       855494                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.162048                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.162048                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.316251                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.316251                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5094852                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1424333                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1269908                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         201257                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164926                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21497                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81497                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76521                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20384                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          945                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1926551                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1149975                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            201257                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        96905                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              251565                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         61798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       180362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          120270                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21252                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2398447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.928600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2146882     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          26762      1.12%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          31077      1.30%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          17044      0.71%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          19345      0.81%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11022      0.46%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7476      0.31%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          19759      0.82%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         119080      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2398447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.074399                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.425112                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1910935                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       196555                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          249359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1972                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        39621                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        32619                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1403845                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1938                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        39621                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1914353                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         21101                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       166752                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          247945                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8670                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1401981                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1951121                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6527776                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6527776                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1633025                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         318085                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          361                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           25574                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       134671                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        72084                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1728                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15840                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1398054                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1311827                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1910                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194145                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453393                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2398447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.241887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1847112     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220876      9.21%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119302      4.97%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82533      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72253      3.01%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37005      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9180      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5857      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4329      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2398447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           318     10.65%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1379     46.20%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1288     43.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1098574     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20475      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121228      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71391      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1311827                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.484944                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2985                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002275                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5026996                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1592590                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1287579                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314812                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3212                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26643                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2221                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        39621                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         16934                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1042                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398414                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134671                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72084                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          715                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11828                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12490                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24318                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1290374                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113269                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21453                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             184612                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         179659                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            71343                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.477013                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1287654                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1287579                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          766409                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2010476                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.475980                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381208                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       958703                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1176092                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222320                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21461                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2358826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1878185     79.62%     79.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       223005      9.45%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93838      3.98%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55468      2.35%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38686      1.64%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25251      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13370      0.57%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10396      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20627      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2358826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       958703                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1176092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               177886                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              108026                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           168324                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1060275                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        23914                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        20627                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3736611                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2836460                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 31374                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                306666                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            958703                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1176092                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       958703                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.821638                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.821638                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.354404                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.354404                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5818819                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1790678                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1307550                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         192411                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173201                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11786                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78243                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67032                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10450                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          517                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2023502                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1209433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            192411                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        77482                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              238443                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         37114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       215335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          117714                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11690                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2502352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.567639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.881107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2263909     90.47%     90.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           8298      0.33%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          17549      0.70%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           7051      0.28%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          39047      1.56%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          34881      1.39%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           6739      0.27%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          14167      0.57%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         110711      4.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2502352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.071129                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.447091                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2005066                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       234147                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          237505                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          734                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        24894                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        17100                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1417655                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        24894                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2008090                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        207046                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        18311                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          235418                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8587                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1416074                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         3828                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         3138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           39                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1670567                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6664754                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6664754                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1448797                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         221754                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           22557                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       330882                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       166382                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1604                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8133                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1411458                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          166                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1347381                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          966                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127524                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       308742                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2502352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.538446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.331893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2020677     80.75%     80.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       145555      5.82%     86.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119024      4.76%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51388      2.05%     93.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64853      2.59%     95.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61282      2.45%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34937      1.40%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2918      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1718      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2502352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3440     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25823     85.94%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          783      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       849078     63.02%     63.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11785      0.87%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       320661     23.80%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       165777     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1347381                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.498087                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30046                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5228126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1539195                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334297                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1377427                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2454                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15645                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1547                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        24894                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        201126                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2381                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1411624                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       330882                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166382                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1472                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6146                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7341                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        13487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1336756                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       319486                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             485227                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         174886                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           165741                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.494159                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1334405                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1334297                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          721902                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1429162                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.493250                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.505123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1075130                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1263447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       148275                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        11832                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2477458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.509977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2017970     81.45%     81.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168719      6.81%     88.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78729      3.18%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77573      3.13%     94.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21291      0.86%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89101      3.60%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6913      0.28%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4892      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12270      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2477458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1075130                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1263447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               480064                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              315234                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           166860                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1123525                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        12270                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3876910                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2848363                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 44982                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                202761                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1075130                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1263447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1075130                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.516080                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.516080                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.397444                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.397444                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6601041                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1554649                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1680103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         234608                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195490                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23093                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91068                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83451                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24685                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1053                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2030670                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1286321                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            234608                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       108136                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              267135                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         65365                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       174650                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          131                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          127820                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22038                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2516310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2249175     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          16188      0.64%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20440      0.81%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          32743      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13334      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          17410      0.69%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          20190      0.80%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9509      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         137321      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2516310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086728                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.475515                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2020571                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       187913                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          265822                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41839                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        35393                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1571462                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41839                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2023083                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          6398                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       175417                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          263429                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6138                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1561448                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2181985                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7256058                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7256058                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1788760                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         393225                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           22616                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       147826                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        75267                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        17077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1522447                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1448556                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2040                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207149                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438023                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2516310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1904070     75.67%     75.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278226     11.06%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114066      4.53%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64651      2.57%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86048      3.42%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27468      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26872      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13791      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1118      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2516310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10205     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1422     10.99%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1312     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1220631     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19552      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133248      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74948      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1448556                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.535488                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12939                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5428401                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1729990                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1408440                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1461495                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31570                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1421                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41839                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1522822                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147826                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75267                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12971                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13321                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        26292                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1421721                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130466                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             205390                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         200414                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            74924                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.525568                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1408474                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1408440                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          843462                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2268291                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.520658                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371849                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1040478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1281991                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240838                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        23078                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2474471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.335869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1931487     78.06%     78.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275593     11.14%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99815      4.03%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49502      2.00%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45366      1.83%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19218      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19065      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9082      0.37%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25343      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2474471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1040478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1281991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               190102                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              116256                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           185770                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1154223                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        26452                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        25343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3971944                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3087503                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32935                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                188803                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1040478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1281991                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1040478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.599875                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.599875                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.384634                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.384634                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6394383                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1970742                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1451282                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         147716                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       120362                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16154                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        59742                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          55718                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14545                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          711                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1428967                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts               873061                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            147716                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        70263                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              178923                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         51158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       189444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines           89760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16073                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      1831737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.925404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1652814     90.23%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           9411      0.51%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          14955      0.82%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          22298      1.22%     92.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4           9346      0.51%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          11130      0.61%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          11454      0.63%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           8296      0.45%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          92033      5.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      1831737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.054606                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.322745                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1410248                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       208833                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          177474                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1108                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        34069                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        23945                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1058058                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1394                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        34069                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1414105                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         72199                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       124551                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          174788                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        12020                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1055131                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          719                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         6062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1015                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1441836                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      4917711                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      4917711                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1174695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         267126                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          129                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           34157                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       108147                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        59137                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3011                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        11546                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1051042                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          242                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued          976196                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1860                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       170358                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       397441                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1831737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.532935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.221345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1414946     77.25%     77.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       169675      9.26%     86.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        93294      5.09%     91.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61466      3.36%     94.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55584      3.03%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17277      0.94%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12407      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4332      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2756      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1831737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           293     12.18%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1005     41.79%     53.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1107     46.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       803202     82.28%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17887      1.83%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        97328      9.97%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        57671      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total       976196                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.360871                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2405                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002464                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3788394                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1221722                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       957254                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses       978601                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4512                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24641                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           84                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4437                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          767                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        34069                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         60178                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1447                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1051288                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           59                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       108147                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59137                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          132                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          789                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           84                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8481                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10099                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        18580                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts       961272                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        92013                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14924                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             149557                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         130221                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            57544                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.355354                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent               957379                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count              957254                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          566669                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1437788                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.353868                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394126                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       704444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       859161                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       192845                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        16365                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1797668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.477931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1449036     80.61%     80.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166047      9.24%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69025      3.84%     93.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35376      1.97%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26230      1.46%     97.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15063      0.84%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9366      0.52%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7695      0.43%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19830      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1797668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       704444                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       859161                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               138199                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads               83502                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           119346                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          776719                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        16754                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        19830                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            2829831                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2138115                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 26336                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                873376                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            704444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              859161                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       704444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.840068                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.840068                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.260412                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.260412                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        4363313                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1307413                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1002356                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         148858                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       121440                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16156                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        59914                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          55992                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14662                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          713                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1436561                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts               881244                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            148858                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        70654                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              180255                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         51245                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       174445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines           90144                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16052                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      1825743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1645488     90.13%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           9417      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          15052      0.82%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          22486      1.23%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4           9470      0.52%     93.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          11136      0.61%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          11455      0.63%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8213      0.45%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          93026      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      1825743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.055028                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.325770                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1416859                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       194832                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          178765                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1131                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        34151                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        23972                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          332                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1066767                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1368                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        34151                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1420852                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         70082                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       111411                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          175966                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        13276                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1063509                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         1644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         6137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1982                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1453704                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      4956518                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      4956518                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1185277                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         268426                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          254                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           35316                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       108383                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        59693                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3089                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        11514                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1059191                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          257                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued          984473                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       170280                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       395363                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           34                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1825743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1405133     76.96%     76.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       171368      9.39%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        94174      5.16%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61946      3.39%     94.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56146      3.08%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17430      0.95%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12435      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4313      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2798      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1825743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           265     11.01%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1014     42.13%     53.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1128     46.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       809780     82.26%     82.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18126      1.84%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98165      9.97%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58294      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total       984473                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.363930                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2407                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002445                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3798759                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1229804                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       965744                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses       986880                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4790                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24032                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           79                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4455                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          799                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        34151                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         53376                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1515                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1059452                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           59                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       108383                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59693                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          146                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          870                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           79                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8474                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10245                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        18719                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts       969741                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93085                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             151234                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         131378                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            58149                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.358484                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent               965853                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count              965744                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          572007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1449253                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.357007                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394691                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       710974                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       867086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193173                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          222                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        16378                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1791592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.483975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.327019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1439804     80.36%     80.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167585      9.35%     89.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69657      3.89%     93.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35670      1.99%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26386      1.47%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15197      0.85%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9474      0.53%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7748      0.43%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20071      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1791592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       710974                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       867086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               139588                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads               84351                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           120413                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          783910                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        16905                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        20071                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            2831767                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2154686                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 26376                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                879370                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            710974                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              867086                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       710974                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.804799                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.804799                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.262826                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.262826                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        4402879                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1318619                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1012095                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          224                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         234301                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195225                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23066                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90958                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83341                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24654                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1053                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2027942                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1284518                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            234301                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       107995                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              266769                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         65293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       172778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1348                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          127657                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22019                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2510943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2244174     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          16171      0.64%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          20414      0.81%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          32699      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          13314      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          17389      0.69%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          20163      0.80%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9500      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         137119      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2510943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086614                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.474848                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2017489                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       186036                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          265459                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        41794                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        35350                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1569271                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        41794                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2020001                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          6402                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       173546                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          263062                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6132                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1559279                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2178969                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7245873                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7245873                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1786072                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         392869                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           22615                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       147618                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        75149                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        17036                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1520255                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1446442                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2038                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206945                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       437587                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2510943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1899593     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       277822     11.06%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113900      4.54%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64573      2.57%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85902      3.42%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27430      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26836      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13769      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1118      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2510943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10190     78.86%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1421     11.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1310     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1218868     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19508      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133059      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74830      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1446442                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.534707                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12921                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5418786                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1727594                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1406361                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1459363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31541                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1421                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        41794                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          4779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1520630                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147618                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75149                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12956                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13302                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        26258                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1419630                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130275                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26812                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             205081                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         200136                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            74806                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.524795                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1406395                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1406361                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          842210                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2264939                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.519890                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371847                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1038910                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1280044                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240581                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        23051                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2469149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1926964     78.04%     78.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275197     11.15%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99677      4.04%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49424      2.00%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45304      1.83%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19177      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19032      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9064      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25310      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2469149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1038910                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1280044                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               189805                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              116077                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           185507                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1152457                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        26410                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        25310                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3964451                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3083062                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32903                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                194170                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1038910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1280044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1038910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.603799                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.603799                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.384054                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.384054                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6384884                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1967864                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1449221                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         202019                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165600                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21588                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81345                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76600                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20454                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          948                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1932197                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1154438                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            202019                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        97054                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              252265                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         62302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       172537                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          120748                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21411                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2397306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.589638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2145041     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          26764      1.12%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          31110      1.30%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          17004      0.71%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          19294      0.80%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          11126      0.46%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7580      0.32%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          19835      0.83%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         119552      4.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2397306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.074680                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.426761                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1916326                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       188987                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          250034                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1996                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39958                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        32691                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          350                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1409043                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1934                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39958                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1919801                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         17838                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       162329                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          248524                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8851                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1407137                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1957925                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6550582                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6550582                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1636317                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         321547                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           26244                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       135230                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        72205                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1698                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        15855                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          362                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1315561                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1918                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196344                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       458756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2397306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1844526     76.94%     76.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221315      9.23%     86.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119711      4.99%     91.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82774      3.45%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72496      3.02%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37029      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9184      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5899      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4372      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2397306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           324     10.68%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1402     46.22%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1307     43.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1101741     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20534      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121587      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71540      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1315561                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.486324                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3033                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002305                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5033379                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1599549                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1290983                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1318594                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3135                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26939                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2168                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           74                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39958                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         13607                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1057                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1403169                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135230                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72205                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          204                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          729                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11868                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12600                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        24468                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293910                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113562                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             185064                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         180104                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            71502                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.478320                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1291075                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1290983                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          768498                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2015737                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.477238                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       960726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1178567                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       224551                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        21550                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2357348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.499955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.315447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1875662     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       223490      9.48%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94074      3.99%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55608      2.36%     95.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38735      1.64%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25287      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13396      0.57%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10414      0.44%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20682      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2357348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       960726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1178567                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               178305                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              108277                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           168659                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1062550                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        23975                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        20682                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3739784                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2846257                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 31575                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                307807                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            960726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1178567                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       960726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.815697                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.815697                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.355152                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.355152                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5834029                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1795351                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1312308                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         149552                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       121888                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16322                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60706                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56558                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14715                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          697                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1441755                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts               883530                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            149552                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        71273                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              180997                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         52079                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       170046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines           90583                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16242                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      1827944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.588134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1646947     90.10%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           9495      0.52%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          14986      0.82%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          22409      1.23%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4           9601      0.53%     93.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          11343      0.62%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          11847      0.65%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           8347      0.46%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8          92969      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      1827944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.055285                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.326615                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1422726                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       189766                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          179466                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1169                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        34812                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        24197                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1070787                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1387                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        34812                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1426596                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         54690                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       121098                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          176792                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        13951                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1067632                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2323                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         6356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2629                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1458096                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      4975214                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      4975214                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1184897                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         273161                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          239                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          130                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           34924                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       109852                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        59715                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3080                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        11698                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1063638                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          241                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued          986720                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       175163                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       407540                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1827944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.227941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1406682     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       171607      9.39%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        94210      5.15%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61976      3.39%     94.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56291      3.08%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17511      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12436      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4418      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2813      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1827944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           295     12.09%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1029     42.15%     54.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1117     45.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       811504     82.24%     82.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18136      1.84%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98692     10.00%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58280      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total       986720                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.364761                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2441                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002474                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3805775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1239121                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       967595                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses       989161                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4700                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25556                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           82                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4507                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        34812                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         41931                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1496                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1063883                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           33                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109852                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59715                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          794                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           82                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8567                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10232                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        18799                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts       971753                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93300                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14967                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             151447                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         131595                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            58147                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.359228                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent               967724                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count              967595                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          572699                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1452524                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.357691                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394279                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       710688                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps       866757                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       197728                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        16543                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1793132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.483376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1441400     80.38%     80.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167480      9.34%     89.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69765      3.89%     93.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35618      1.99%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26460      1.48%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15168      0.85%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9496      0.53%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7723      0.43%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20022      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1793132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       710688                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps       866757                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               139496                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads               84291                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           120364                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          783623                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        16902                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        20022                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            2837582                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2163830                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 26601                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                877169                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            710688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps              866757                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       710688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.806330                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.806330                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.262720                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.262720                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        4411531                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1320861                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1014440                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         235193                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195978                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23070                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91369                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83707                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24782                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1042                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2036336                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1289779                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            235193                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       108489                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              267818                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         65343                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       169871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4822                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           89                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          128105                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22029                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2520992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2253174     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          16126      0.64%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20479      0.81%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          32789      1.30%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          13429      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          17496      0.69%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          20347      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9573      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         137579      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2520992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086944                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.476793                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2029274                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       183209                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          266504                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        41839                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        35472                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1575942                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1292                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        41839                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2031798                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          6392                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       170672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          264105                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         6180                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1565953                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2188054                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7277776                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7277776                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1794648                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         393401                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           22839                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       148338                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        75540                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          874                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        17129                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1526932                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1452830                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2046                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207216                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       439412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2520992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1906926     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       279121     11.07%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114295      4.53%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64770      2.57%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86508      3.43%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27579      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26786      1.06%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13890      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1117      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2520992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10237     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1434     11.04%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1317     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1224118     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19628      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133701      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75205      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1452830                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.537068                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12988                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008940                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5441686                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1734542                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1412709                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1465818                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1123                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31677                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1440                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        41839                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          4788                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          665                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1527307                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148338                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75540                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          591                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12958                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13305                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        26263                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1426002                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130890                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26828                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             206069                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         201002                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            75179                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.527151                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1412744                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1412709                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          846240                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2276107                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522237                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371793                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1043929                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1286288                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       241019                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        23056                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2479153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1934334     78.02%     78.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276504     11.15%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100233      4.04%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49632      2.00%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45537      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19246      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19102      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9088      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25477      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2479153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1043929                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1286288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               190758                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              116658                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           186430                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1158075                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        26546                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        25477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3980970                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3096464                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32937                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                184121                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1043929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1286288                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1043929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.591281                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.591281                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.385910                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.385910                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6413855                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1976383                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1455308                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2705109                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         209923                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171890                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22343                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85093                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80418                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21187                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1024                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2014054                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1175529                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            209923                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       101605                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              244073                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         61961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       111894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          124901                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22189                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2165963     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11366      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          17652      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          23688      0.98%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          25083      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          21132      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11392      0.47%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          17917      0.74%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         115843      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2410036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077602                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.434559                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1994226                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       132842                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          243445                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          392                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39129                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34248                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1440923                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39129                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2000093                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         13754                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       106201                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          237978                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        12877                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1439456                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1707                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2009221                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6692558                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6692558                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1708659                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         300562                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           40639                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       135721                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        72105                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          829                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        27947                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1436453                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          351                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1353528                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          311                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178085                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433045                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.250727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1830014     75.93%     75.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       244381     10.14%     86.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122473      5.08%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86660      3.60%     94.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69191      2.87%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28389      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18264      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9384      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1280      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           313     12.84%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          897     36.81%     49.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1227     50.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1138883     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20150      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122581      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71746      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1353528                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.500360                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2437                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001800                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5119840                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1614905                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1331099                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1355965                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2678                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24700                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39129                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         10727                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1168                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1436808                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135721                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72105                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          992                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12269                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13112                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25381                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1333305                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115263                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             186990                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         188850                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            71727                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.492884                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1331193                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1331099                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          765473                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2062908                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.492069                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371065                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       996222                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1225748                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211073                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22400                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1860790     78.48%     78.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       256336     10.81%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93616      3.95%     93.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44695      1.89%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41904      1.77%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22115      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16570      0.70%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8564      0.36%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26317      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       996222                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1225748                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               181648                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              111021                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           176725                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1104395                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25236                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        26317                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3781398                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2912778                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32444                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                295073                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            996222                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1225748                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       996222                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.715368                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.715368                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.368274                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.368274                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5998502                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1855863                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1334758                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         148843                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       121239                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16303                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60271                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56179                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14696                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          711                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1441150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts               880527                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            148843                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        70875                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              180387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         51891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       169653                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines           90515                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16230                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      1826170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1645783     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           9449      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          14897      0.82%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          22383      1.23%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4           9496      0.52%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          11361      0.62%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          11583      0.63%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           8361      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          92857      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      1826170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.055023                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.325505                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1421942                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       189531                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          178922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1124                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        34646                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        24155                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1067844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        34646                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1425786                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         51263                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       124403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          176235                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        13832                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1064747                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         3716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         6146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2849                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1454276                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      4963653                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      4963653                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1183412                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         270787                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           34556                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       109582                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        59731                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3035                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        11522                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1060618                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          244                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued          984591                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1965                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173510                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404149                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1826170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1405610     76.97%     76.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       171338      9.38%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        94180      5.16%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61828      3.39%     94.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56182      3.08%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17473      0.96%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12369      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4418      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2772      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1826170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           292     11.97%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1033     42.34%     54.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1115     45.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       809815     82.25%     82.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18046      1.83%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98403      9.99%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58219      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total       984591                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.363974                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002478                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3799757                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1234450                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       965462                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses       987031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4627                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25486                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4680                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          787                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        34646                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         36565                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1445                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1060866                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           51                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109582                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59731                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          769                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           78                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8550                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10162                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        18712                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts       969581                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        92983                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             151054                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         131242                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            58071                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.358425                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent               965608                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count              965462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          571447                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1450485                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.356903                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.393970                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       709479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       865424                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       196094                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        16522                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1791524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.483066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1440419     80.40%     80.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167168      9.33%     89.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69624      3.89%     93.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35512      1.98%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26496      1.48%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15139      0.85%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9424      0.53%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7687      0.43%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20055      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1791524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       709479                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       865424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               139125                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads               84085                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           120270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          782356                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        16890                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        20055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            2832974                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2157776                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 26603                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                878943                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            709479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              865424                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       709479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.812816                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.812816                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.262273                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.262273                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        4401858                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1318330                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1011095                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.649811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         119300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        54.425182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.649811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.748340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    60.100664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1936.150996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.029346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.945386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   286                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173157899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      173157899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     173157899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.337237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.715490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.715490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.017078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    43.476055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1949.506867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.005868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.021229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.951908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     91334190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     70777759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     162111949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     91334190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     70777759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      162111949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     91334190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     70777759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     162111949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3512853.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 822997.197674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1447428.116071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3512853.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 822997.197674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1447428.116071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3512853.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 822997.197674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1447428.116071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89050680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     63225889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152276569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89050680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     63225889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152276569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89050680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     63225889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152276569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3425026.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 735184.755814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1359612.223214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3425026.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 735184.755814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1359612.223214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3425026.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 735184.755814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1359612.223214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         114051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        49.202330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.292521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   117.805634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1910.901845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.057522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.933058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13460862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245183120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     258643982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13460862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245183120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      258643982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13460862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245183120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     258643982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 961490.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 957746.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957940.674074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 961490.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 957746.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957940.674074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 961490.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 957746.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957940.674074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12231662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    222706320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234937982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12231662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    222706320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234937982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12231662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    222706320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234937982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 873690.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 869946.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870140.674074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 873690.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 869946.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870140.674074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 873690.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 869946.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870140.674074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2046.653214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         119300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        54.425182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.653214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    21.728481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    59.949439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1936.322079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.010610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.029272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.945470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   286                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57861553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111359618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     169221171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57861553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111359618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      169221171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57861553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111359618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     169221171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.337237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2143020.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 951791.606838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1175147.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2143020.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 951791.606838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1175147.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2143020.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 951791.606838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1175147.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55490953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    101081729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156572682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55490953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    101081729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156572682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55490953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    101081729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156572682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2055220.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863946.401709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1087310.291667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2055220.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863946.401709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1087310.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2055220.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863946.401709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1087310.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                          52197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        23.157498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.433273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.742518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    97.472579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1903.351630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.047594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.929371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   299                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12439490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    148621499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     161060989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12439490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    148621499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      161060989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12439490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    148621499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     161060989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.407921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 829299.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 778123.031414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 781849.461165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 829299.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 778123.031414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 781849.461165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 829299.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 778123.031414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 781849.461165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11122490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    131849745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142972235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11122490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    131849745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142972235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11122490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    131849745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142972235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 741499.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 690312.801047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694039.975728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 741499.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 690312.801047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694039.975728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 741499.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 690312.801047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694039.975728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.697313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         136007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        61.402709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.999634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.734670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    63.543474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1875.419535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.031027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.915732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            189                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 189                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          331                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   331                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13780261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    131794534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     145574795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13780261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    131794534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      145574795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13780261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    131794534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     145574795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          189                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             189                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.331313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.331313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 984304.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 878630.226667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 887651.189024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 984304.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 878630.226667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 887651.189024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 984304.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 878630.226667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 887651.189024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12551061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    118624534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131175595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12551061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    118624534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131175595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12551061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    118624534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131175595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 896504.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 790830.226667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799851.189024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 896504.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 790830.226667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799851.189024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 896504.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 790830.226667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799851.189024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          269                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         114048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        49.222270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.326032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   116.335804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1912.338164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.056805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.933759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          471                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   471                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 269                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12308907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    241356576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     253665483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12308907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    241356576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      253665483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12308907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    241356576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     253665483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.363514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.363514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.363514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 879207.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 946496.376471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942994.360595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 879207.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 946496.376471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 942994.360595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 879207.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 946496.376471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 942994.360595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11078708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    218962241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230040949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11078708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    218962241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230040949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11078708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    218962241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230040949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 791336.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 858675.454902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855170.814126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 791336.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 858675.454902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855170.814126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 791336.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 858675.454902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855170.814126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.715927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.715927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.018840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    43.488433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1949.492726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.005869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.021235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.951901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88695283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71897763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     160593046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88695283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71897763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      160593046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88695283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71897763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     160593046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3411357.038462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836020.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1433866.482143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3411357.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836020.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1433866.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3411357.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836020.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1433866.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86412483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64346042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150758525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86412483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64346042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150758525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86412483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64346042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150758525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3323557.038462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 748209.790698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1346058.258929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3323557.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 748209.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1346058.258929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3323557.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 748209.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1346058.258929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          566                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2044.593163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                          87167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        33.410119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks         132.230681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    15.837172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   238.367971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1657.157339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.064566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.007733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.116391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.809159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.998337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   312                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          540                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 565                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46978294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    554457470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     601435764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     43512139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     43512139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46978294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    597969609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      644947903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46978294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    597969609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     644947903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.618519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.629187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.634548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.644242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.634548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.644242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1879131.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1106701.536926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1143414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1115695.871795                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1115695.871795                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1879131.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1107351.127778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1141500.713274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1879131.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1107351.127778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1141500.713274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                323                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     323                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     44783294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    510465677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555248971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     40087939                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40087939                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     44783294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    550553616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    595336910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     44783294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    550553616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    595336910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.618519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.629187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.634548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.644242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.634548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.644242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1791331.760000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1018893.566866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1055606.408745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1027895.871795                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1027895.871795                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1791331.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1019543.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1053693.646018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1791331.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1019543.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1053693.646018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          567                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2044.909654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          87175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        33.400383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.544411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    15.618837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   236.812824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1657.933582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.007626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.115631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.809538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.998491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            377                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 377                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          318                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   319                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          543                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 567                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     41485757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    526407277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     567893034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     45841659                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     45841659                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     41485757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    572248936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      613734693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     41485757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    572248936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     613734693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          377                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             377                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              45                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.612745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.623068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.630662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.639955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.630662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.639955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1728573.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1052814.554000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1083765.332061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1066085.093023                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1066085.093023                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1728573.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1053865.443831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1082424.502646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1728573.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1053865.443831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1082424.502646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                326                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     326                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39370572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    482345201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    521715773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     42137559                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42137559                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39370572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    524482760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    563853332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39370572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    524482760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    563853332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.612745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.630662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.639955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.630662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.639955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1640440.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 964690.402000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995640.788168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 979943.232558                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 979943.232558                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1640440.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 965898.268877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 994450.320988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1640440.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 965898.268877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 994450.320988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.716128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.716128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.005027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    43.437184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1949.557789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.005862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.021210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.951933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97940975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     74056419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     171997394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97940975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     74056419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      171997394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97940975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     74056419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     171997394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3766960.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 861121.151163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1535691.017857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3766960.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 861121.151163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1535691.017857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3766960.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 861121.151163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1535691.017857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95658175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     66505619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162163794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95658175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     66505619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    162163794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95658175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     66505619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    162163794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3679160.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 773321.151163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1447891.017857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3679160.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 773321.151163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1447891.017857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3679160.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 773321.151163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1447891.017857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          169                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.699916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         136000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        61.344159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.982956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.743319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    63.982882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1874.990760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.031242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.915523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          326                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   326                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 167                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9689404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    127500884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     137190288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9689404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    127500884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      137190288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9689404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    127500884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     137190288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.319415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.319415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.338742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.319415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.338742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 692100.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 833339.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821498.730539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 692100.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 833339.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821498.730539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 692100.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 833339.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821498.730539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 97                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      97                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8459884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    114147602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122607486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8459884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    114147602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122607486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8459884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    114147602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122607486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.319415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.319415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.319415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 604277.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 746062.758170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734176.562874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 604277.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 746062.758170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734176.562874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 604277.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 746062.758170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734176.562874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          571                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2044.350582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          87168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        33.346595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.448691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    16.156896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   237.850542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1655.894454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.007889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.116138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.808542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.998218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            376                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 376                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          315                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   316                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          543                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 569                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     46154011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    525278421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     571432432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     43874380                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     43874380                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     46154011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    569152801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      615306812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     46154011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    569152801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     615306812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          376                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             376                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.614532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.625745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.632867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.642938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.632867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.642938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1775154.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1052662.166333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1088442.727619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       997145                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       997145                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1775154.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1048163.537753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1081382.797891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1775154.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1048163.537753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1081382.797891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                329                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     329                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     43871081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    481464792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    525335873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     40010888                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40010888                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     43871081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    521475680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    565346761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     43871081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    521475680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    565346761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.614532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.632867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.632867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1687349.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 964859.302605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1000639.758095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 909338.363636                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 909338.363636                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1687349.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 960360.368324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 993579.544815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1687349.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 960360.368324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 993579.544815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          111                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.563609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         132699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        61.548701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.563609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    11.932934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    43.592015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1949.475051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.005827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.021285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.951892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 111                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85602160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     69686915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     155289075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85602160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     69686915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      155289075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85602160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     69686915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     155289075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.218274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.263658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.261792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.261792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3424086.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 810312.965116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1399000.675676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3424086.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 810312.965116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1399000.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3424086.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 810312.965116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1399000.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     83406569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     62135753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145542322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     83406569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     62135753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145542322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     83406569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     62135753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145542322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.218274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3336262.760000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 722508.755814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311192.090090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3336262.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 722508.755814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311192.090090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3336262.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 722508.755814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311192.090090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          142                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2046.634064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         119297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        54.473516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.634064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.834159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    58.698039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1937.467801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.028661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.946029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          283                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   284                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 142                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60645292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    101869307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     162514599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60645292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    101869307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      162514599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60645292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    101869307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     162514599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.288945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.288945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2246121.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 885820.060870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1144469.007042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2246121.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 885820.060870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1144469.007042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2246121.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 885820.060870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1144469.007042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58273780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91770641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150044421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58273780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91770641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150044421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58273780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91770641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150044421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.288945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.288945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2158288.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 798005.573913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1056650.852113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2158288.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 798005.573913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1056650.852113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2158288.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 798005.573913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1056650.852113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          562                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2044.543764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          87166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        33.435366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.424354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.400069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   236.745673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1656.973668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.008008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.115598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.809069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.998312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          313                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   314                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 564                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57713759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    532214899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     589928658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     44146248                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     44146248                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57713759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    576361147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      634074906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57713759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    576361147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     634074906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.614144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.625899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.642369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.642369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2137546.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1075181.614141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1130131.528736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1051101.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1051101.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2137546.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1073298.225326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1124246.287234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2137546.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1073298.225326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1124246.287234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                323                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     323                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55342967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    488828360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544171327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     40457993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40457993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55342967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    529286353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    584629320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55342967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    529286353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    584629320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.614144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2049739.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 987532.040404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1042473.806513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 963285.547619                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963285.547619                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2049739.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 985635.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036576.808511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2049739.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 985635.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036576.808511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              498.003512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1488357.920635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.003512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.036865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             172484.716895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.557979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.442021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.560773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.439227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              467.297586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              753577151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1560201.140787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.297586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.019708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       127810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       127810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         127810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       127810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        127810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    126286083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126286083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    126286083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126286083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    126286083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126286083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       127848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       127848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       127848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       127848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       127848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3323317.973684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3323317.973684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3323317.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3323317.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3323317.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3323317.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2843998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 473999.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     91695232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91695232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     91695232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91695232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     91695232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91695232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3274829.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3274829.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3274829.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3274829.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3274829.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3274829.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              109423613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             167570.617152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   142.447118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   113.552882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.556434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.443566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       100028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        73485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       173513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         173513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       173513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        173513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    221508952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221508952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       564801                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       564801                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    222073753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222073753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    222073753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222073753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       101049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        73492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       174541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       174541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 216952.940255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 216952.940255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 80685.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80685.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 216025.051556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 216025.051556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 216025.051556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 216025.051556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91568912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91568912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91697112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91697112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91697112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91697112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 231820.030380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231820.030380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 230975.093199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 230975.093199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 230975.093199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 230975.093199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              556.291432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              769302693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1381153.847397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.291432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         117976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        117976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     22701297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22701297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     22701297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22701297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     22701297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22701297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       118004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       118004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       118004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       118004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       118004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 810760.607143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810760.607143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13577062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13577062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13577062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13577062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13577062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13577062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 969790.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969790.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              289546877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             293658.090264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   101.035027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   154.964973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.394668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.605332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       302397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        302397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       165035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       165035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       467432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         467432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       467432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        467432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1063138394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1063138394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1063138394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1063138394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1063138394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1063138394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       305030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       305030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       165035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       165035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       470065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       470065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       470065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       470065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403774.551462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 403774.551462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279836780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279836780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279836780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279836780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279836780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279836780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 383338.054795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383338.054795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              497.980019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750132375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1488357.886905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.980019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.036827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         124411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        124411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65451893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65451893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65451893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65451893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65451893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65451893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       124456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       124456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1454486.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1454486.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1454486.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1454486.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1454486.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1454486.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       261934                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       261934                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58224661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58224661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58224661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58224661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58224661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58224661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2007746.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2007746.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2007746.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2007746.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2007746.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2007746.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              113322439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             172484.686454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   143.233661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   112.766339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.559506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.440494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        84738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        70543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       155281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         155281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       155281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        155281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    436035841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    436035841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1263366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1263366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    437299207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    437299207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    437299207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    437299207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        85997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        70559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       156556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       156556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 346335.060365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 346335.060365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 78960.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78960.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342979.770196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 342979.770196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342979.770196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 342979.770196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130622459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130622459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130814759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130814759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130814759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130814759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 328197.133166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328197.133166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 326221.344140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326221.344140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 326221.344140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326221.344140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              539.741350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              647137225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1196187.107209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.741350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.022021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         120153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        120153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15332621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15332621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15332621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15332621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15332621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15332621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       120171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       120171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 851812.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851812.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 851812.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851812.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 851812.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851812.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12564644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12564644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12564644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12564644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12564644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12564644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 837642.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837642.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 837642.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837642.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 837642.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837642.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              151381046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             202923.654155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   130.228950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   125.771050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.508707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.491293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       169075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35183                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35183                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       204258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         204258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       204258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        204258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    821658923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    821658923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    821658923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    821658923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    821658923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    821658923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       170866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        35183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       206049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       206049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 458771.034618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458771.034618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 458771.034618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 458771.034618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 458771.034618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 458771.034618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    169777152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169777152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    169777152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169777152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    169777152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169777152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 346483.983673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346483.983673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 346483.983673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346483.983673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 346483.983673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346483.983673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.733581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750703981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1513516.090726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.733581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.022009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         120251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        120251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16466849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16466849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16466849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16466849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16466849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16466849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       120270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       120270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 866676.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866676.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 866676.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 866676.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 866676.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 866676.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13897172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13897172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13897172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13897172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13897172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13897172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 992655.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992655.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 992655.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992655.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 992655.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992655.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  481                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              118284910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             160495.128901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   159.621242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    96.378758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.623520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.376480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        83059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         83059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        69466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       152525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         152525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       152525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        152525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    642366051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    642366051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     43714280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     43714280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    686080331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    686080331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    686080331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    686080331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        84702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       154219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       154219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.019397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 390971.424833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 390971.424833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 857142.745098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857142.745098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 405006.098583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 405006.098583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 405006.098583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 405006.098583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    154667025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154667025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    154667025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154667025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    154667025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154667025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 321553.066528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321553.066528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 321553.066528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321553.066528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 321553.066528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321553.066528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              556.324941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              769302409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1381153.337522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.324941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.021354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       117692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       117692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         117692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       117692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        117692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18690092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18690092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18690092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18690092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18690092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18690092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       117714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       117714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       117714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       117714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       117714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 849549.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 849549.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 849549.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 849549.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 849549.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 849549.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12425107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12425107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12425107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12425107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12425107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12425107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 887507.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 887507.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 887507.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 887507.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 887507.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 887507.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  726                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              289545720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             294853.075356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   100.949986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   155.050014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.394336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.605664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       301605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        301605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       164670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       466275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         466275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       466275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        466275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1055357407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1055357407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1055357407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1055357407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1055357407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1055357407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       304222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       304222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       164670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       468892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       468892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       468892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       468892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 403269.930073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 403269.930073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 403269.930073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 403269.930073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 403269.930073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 403269.930073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    275782755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275782755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    275782755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    275782755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    275782755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    275782755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 379866.053719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 379866.053719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 379866.053719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 379866.053719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 379866.053719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 379866.053719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              467.298912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              753577118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1560201.072464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.298912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.019710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       127777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       127777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         127777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       127777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        127777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    122820432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    122820432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    122820432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    122820432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    122820432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    122820432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       127817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       127817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       127817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       127817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       127817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3070510.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3070510.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3070510.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3070510.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3070510.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3070510.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2844990                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       474165                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89056295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89056295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89056295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89056295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89056295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89056295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3180581.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3180581.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3180581.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3180581.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3180581.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3180581.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              109423588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             167570.578867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   142.530289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   113.469711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.556759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.443241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       100015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        73473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       173488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         173488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       173488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        173488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    226969867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    226969867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       564591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       564591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    227534458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    227534458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    227534458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    227534458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       101036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        73480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       174516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       174516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 222301.534770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222301.534770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 80655.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80655.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 221337.021401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221337.021401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 221337.021401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221337.021401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92687910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92687910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92816110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92816110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92816110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92816110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 234652.936709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234652.936709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 233793.727960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233793.727960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 233793.727960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233793.727960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              506.563475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              753860858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1460970.655039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    16.563475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.026544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst        89721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         89721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst        89721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total          89721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst        89721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total         89721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68111578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68111578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68111578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68111578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68111578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68111578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst        89760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        89760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst        89760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total        89760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst        89760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total        89760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1746450.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1746450.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1746450.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1746450.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1746450.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1746450.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47252000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47252000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47252000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47252000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47252000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47252000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1817384.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1817384.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1817384.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1817384.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1817384.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1817384.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  851                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              125583497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             113444.893406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   176.256500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    79.743500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.688502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.311498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        67694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         67694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        54000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       121694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         121694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       121694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        121694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1369433852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1369433852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    422573032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    422573032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1792006884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1792006884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1792006884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1792006884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        69703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        54396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       124099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       124099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       124099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       124099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.028822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.007280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 681649.503235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 681649.503235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1067103.616162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1067103.616162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 745117.207484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 745117.207484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 745117.207484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 745117.207484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1554                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1554                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    579567244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    579567244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     43964039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43964039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    623531283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    623531283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    623531283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    623531283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 715515.116049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715515.116049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1072293.634146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1072293.634146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 732704.210341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732704.210341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 732704.210341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732704.210341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              506.360429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              753861242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1463808.236893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    16.360429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.026219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst        90105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst        90105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total          90105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst        90105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total         90105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67090048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67090048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67090048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67090048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67090048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67090048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst        90144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst        90144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total        90144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst        90144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total        90144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1720257.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1720257.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1720257.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1720257.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1720257.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1720257.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     41750523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41750523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     41750523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41750523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     41750523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41750523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1670020.920000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1670020.920000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1670020.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1670020.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1670020.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1670020.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  860                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              125584604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             112531.007168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   176.537046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    79.462954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.689598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.310402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        68265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        54515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          135                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          135                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          111                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          111                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       122780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         122780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       122780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        122780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2470                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2470                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1333955025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1333955025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    437611822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    437611822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1771566847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1771566847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1771566847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1771566847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        70317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        54933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          135                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          135                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          111                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          111                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       125250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       125250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.029182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.007609                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007609                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 650075.548246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 650075.548246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1046918.234450                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1046918.234450                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 717233.541296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 717233.541296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 717233.541296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 717233.541296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          377                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             377                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    552048308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    552048308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     46318459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46318459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    598366767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    598366767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    598366767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    598366767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 676529.789216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 676529.789216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1029299.088889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1029299.088889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 694967.209059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694967.209059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 694967.209059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694967.209059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              467.284403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              753576955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1560200.734990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.284403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         127614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        127614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    142955470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142955470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    142955470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    142955470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    142955470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    142955470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       127655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       127655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3486718.780488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3486718.780488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3486718.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3486718.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3486718.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3486718.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4391162                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 878232.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     98301980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98301980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     98301980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98301980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     98301980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98301980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3510785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      3510785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3510785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      3510785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3510785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      3510785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              109423318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             167570.165391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   142.407307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   113.592693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.556279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.443721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        99863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        73355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       173218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         173218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       173218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        173218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    227616700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    227616700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       565538                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       565538                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    228182238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    228182238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    228182238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    228182238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       100884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        73362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       174246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       174246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 222935.063663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222935.063663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 80791.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80791.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 221967.157588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221967.157588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 221967.157588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221967.157588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     94844899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94844899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     94973099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94973099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     94973099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94973099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 240113.668354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240113.668354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 239226.949622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239226.949622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 239226.949622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239226.949622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              495.742229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              750704459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1513517.054435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.742229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         120729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        120729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12787916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12787916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12787916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12787916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12787916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12787916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       120748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       120748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 673048.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 673048.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 673048.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 673048.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 673048.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 673048.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9806117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9806117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9806117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9806117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9806117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9806117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 700436.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700436.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 700436.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700436.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 700436.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700436.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  478                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              118285318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             161151.659401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   160.022379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    95.977621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.625087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.374913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        83317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         83317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        69618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       152935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         152935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       152935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        152935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    634310043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    634310043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     57523565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57523565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    691833608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    691833608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    691833608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    691833608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        84960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        69685                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69685                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       154645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       154645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000961                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000961                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 386068.194157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 386068.194157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 858560.671642                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 858560.671642                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 404581.057310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 404581.057310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 404581.057310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 404581.057310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       858596                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       858596                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150058008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150058008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150058008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150058008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150058008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150058008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 313273.503132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313273.503132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 313273.503132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313273.503132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 313273.503132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313273.503132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              506.901975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753861679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1458146.381044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    16.901975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.027086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        90542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        90542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total          90542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        90542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total         90542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71402367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71402367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71402367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71402367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71402367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71402367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        90583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        90583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total        90583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        90583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total        90583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1741521.146341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1741521.146341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1741521.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1741521.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1741521.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1741521.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     46435632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46435632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     46435632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46435632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     46435632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46435632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1719838.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1719838.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1719838.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1719838.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1719838.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1719838.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  858                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              125584897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             112733.300718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   176.964479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    79.035521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.691267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.308733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        68608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        54484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       123092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         123092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       123092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        123092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1319375160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1319375160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    399250625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    399250625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1718625785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1718625785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1718625785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1718625785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        70645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        54903                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54903                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       125548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       125548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.028834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.007632                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007632                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 647705.036819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647705.036819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 952865.453461                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952865.453461                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 699766.199104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 699766.199104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 699766.199104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 699766.199104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1598                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1598                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    550678636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    550678636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     44367780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44367780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    595046416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    595046416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    595046416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    595046416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000838                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000838                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 678175.660099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 678175.660099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 964516.956522                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 964516.956522                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 693527.291375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 693527.291375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 693527.291375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 693527.291375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              467.219741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753577398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1563438.585062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.219741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.019583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       128057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       128057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         128057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       128057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        128057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    144730340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144730340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    144730340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144730340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    144730340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144730340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       128102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       128102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       128102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       128102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       128102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3216229.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3216229.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3216229.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3216229.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3216229.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3216229.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2290565                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 572641.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85939964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85939964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85939964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85939964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85939964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85939964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3182961.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3182961.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3182961.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3182961.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3182961.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3182961.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              109424191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             167571.502297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   142.535987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   113.464013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.556781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.443219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       100371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        73721                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73721                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       174092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         174092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       174092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        174092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    218674912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218674912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1055824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1055824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    219730736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    219730736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    219730736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    219730736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       101385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        73733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       175118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       175118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 215655.731755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215655.731755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 87985.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87985.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 214162.510721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 214162.510721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 214162.510721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 214162.510721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90384640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90384640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       208354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90592994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90592994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90592994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90592994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 229402.639594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229402.639594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69451.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69451.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 228193.939547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228193.939547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 228193.939547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228193.939547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              497.459689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750132824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1491317.741551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.459689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.035993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.797211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         124860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        124860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68438173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68438173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68438173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68438173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68438173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68438173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       124900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       124900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1710954.325000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1710954.325000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1710954.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1710954.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1710954.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1710954.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       287444                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       287444                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60938326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60938326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60938326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60938326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60938326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60938326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2176368.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2176368.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2176368.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2176368.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2176368.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2176368.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              113322108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             173275.394495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   143.055402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   112.944598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.558810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.441190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        84665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        70285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       154950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         154950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       154950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        154950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    406656296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    406656296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1242018                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1242018                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    407898314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    407898314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    407898314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    407898314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        85927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       156228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       156228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 322231.613312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 322231.613312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 77626.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77626.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 319169.259781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 319169.259781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 319169.259781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 319169.259781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121052706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121052706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121245006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121245006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121245006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121245006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 306462.546835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 306462.546835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 304635.693467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304635.693467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 304635.693467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304635.693467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              507.134525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753861609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1455331.291506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.134525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.027459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        90472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        90472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total          90472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        90472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total         90472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82431964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82431964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82431964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82431964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82431964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82431964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        90515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        90515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total        90515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        90515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total        90515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1917022.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1917022.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58012203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58012203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58012203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58012203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58012203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58012203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2071864.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2071864.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  849                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              125584526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             113651.154751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   176.677604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    79.322396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.690147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.309853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        68373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        54350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       122723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         122723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       122723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        122723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1310888038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1310888038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    394660231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    394660231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1705548269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1705548269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1705548269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1705548269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        70394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        54739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       125133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       125133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.028710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.007106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 648633.368629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648633.368629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1014550.722365                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1014550.722365                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 707696.377178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 707696.377178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 707696.377178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 707696.377178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    557384524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557384524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     44623048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44623048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    602007572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    602007572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    602007572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    602007572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 691544.074442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 691544.074442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1014160.181818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1014160.181818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 708244.202353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708244.202353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 708244.202353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708244.202353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
