
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012031                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12030668925                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               577329100752                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 403564                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   517934                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 284518                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67623884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42284.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17064452003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21900511153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       274944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       285568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       490624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       294912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       505088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       268672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       269952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       435200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       214272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       433792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       271488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       284416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       273920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       510592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       273280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       509184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5666048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1265024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1265024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 44266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9883                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9883                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       329824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     22853592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       383021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23736668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       383021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     40781107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       383021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24513350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       372382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     41983368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       361742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     22332258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       297905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     22438653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       383021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     36174215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       446858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     17810481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       393661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     36057180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       319184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     22566326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       372382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23640913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       340463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     22768476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       372382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     42440865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       308545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     22715279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       383021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     42323831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               470966996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       329824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       383021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       383021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       383021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       372382                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       361742                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       297905                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       383021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       446858                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       393661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       319184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       372382                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       340463                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       372382                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       308545                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       383021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5830432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         105149930                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              105149930                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         105149930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       329824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     22853592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       383021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23736668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       383021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     40781107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       383021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24513350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       372382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     41983368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       361742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     22332258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       297905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     22438653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       383021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     36174215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       446858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     17810481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       393661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     36057180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       319184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     22566326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       372382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23640913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       340463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     22768476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       372382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     42440865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       308545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     22715279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       383021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     42323831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              576116926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28850526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2182937                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1952825                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175329                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1460299                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434859                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128237                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5265                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23134648                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12408388                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2182937                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1563096                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2767999                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        576690                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       346595                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400547                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171794                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     26649664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.760924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       23881665     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         426159      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         211072      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420628      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         131015      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390164      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60287      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96420      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032254      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     26649664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075664                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430092                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22848712                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       638105                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762410                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2249                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       398184                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       203085                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13855302                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5125                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       398184                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22881065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        377678                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       163081                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2732848                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        96804                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13834683                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        78022                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18105806                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62660384                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62660384                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646429                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3459350                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1830                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          207664                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518085                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398659                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3566                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        89536                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13762804                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1837                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12875518                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8415                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2509986                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5150740                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26649664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21000039     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1767962      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1904519      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104328      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560545      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140678      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164469      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3842      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3282      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26649664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21196     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8650     23.35%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7196     19.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10083035     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99445      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2296939     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395198      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12875518                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.446284                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37042                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52446155                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16274673                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12546384                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12912560                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10265                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515126                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10351                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       398184                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        249808                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11839                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13764654                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518085                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398659                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          929                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4489                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          263                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117744                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67771                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185515                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12712639                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264714                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162877                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2659884                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934115                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           395170                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.440638                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12549242                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12546384                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7599558                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16454601                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.434875                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461850                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2528772                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       174055                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26251480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22078070     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632117      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055844      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330918      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555890      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105656      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67389      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61056      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364540      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26251480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391264                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002956                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812681                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364540                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           39652118                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27928971                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                516077                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2200862                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236445                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.885053                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.885053                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.346614                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.346614                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59125207                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16324761                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14749525                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28850526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2339278                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1918078                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       232329                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       954721                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         911107                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239946                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10336                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22384021                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13308818                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2339278                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1151053                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2927254                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        658480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       759847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1381446                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230673                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     26493672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23566418     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         317154      1.20%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         368110      1.39%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         201441      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         229951      0.87%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         127213      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          87116      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         226723      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1369546      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     26493672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081083                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461302                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22200534                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       947116                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2902409                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        23405                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       420204                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       379684                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16250730                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        12009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       420204                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22236409                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        263029                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       585056                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2891243                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        97727                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16240669                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        23005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        46753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     22581206                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     75625321                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     75625321                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     19260930                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3320276                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         4244                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2364                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          266748                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1551259                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       843399                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21942                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       187300                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16214590                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4251                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15321675                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20852                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2032798                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4704270                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          467                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26493672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20039934     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2593886      9.79%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1394702      5.26%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       967841      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       843698      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       430310      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       105171      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67546      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50584      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26493672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3738     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14693     44.19%     55.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14822     44.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12827247     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239480      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1876      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1415498      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837574      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15321675                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.531071                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33253                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57191127                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18251812                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15063358                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15354928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38090                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       275396                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          175                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18220                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          937                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       420204                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        211880                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15058                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16218869                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4635                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1551259                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       843399                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2361                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10815                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          175                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134445                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130608                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       265053                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15091475                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1328586                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       230200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2165918                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2112015                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           837332                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.523092                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             15063608                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            15063358                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8954319                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        23460667                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.522117                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381674                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11309609                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13875770                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2343252                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3784                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       233473                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26073468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20405709     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2628143     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1102390      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       660345      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458059      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296062      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154470      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123874      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244416      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26073468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11309609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13875770                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2101042                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1275863                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1986192                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12509232                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       282295                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       244416                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           42047996                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          32858267                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                345098                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2356854                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11309609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13875770                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11309609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.550975                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.550975                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.392007                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.392007                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       68070053                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      20914819                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15160187                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3780                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28850526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2243434                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2024046                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119618                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       839938                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799219                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123699                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5351                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23748824                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             14099644                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2243434                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       922918                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2786791                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        375931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       586855                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1364930                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119997                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     27375840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       24589049     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          98409      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         204147      0.75%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          84563      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         463009      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         412381      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          79595      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         167087      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1277600      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     27375840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077761                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.488714                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       23613593                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       723856                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2776396                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         8873                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       253117                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       197065                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          253                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     16532058                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1514                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       253117                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       23638766                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        524237                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       122860                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2761719                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        75136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     16521784                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        31415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        27630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          319                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     19406326                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     77808390                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     77808390                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17180159                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2226161                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1925                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          978                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          192711                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3896499                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1968850                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18332                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        95811                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         16487173                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1932                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        15842119                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8467                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1289072                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3096120                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27375840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21748704     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1682569      6.15%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1385503      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       596865      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758125      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733305      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417218      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32792      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20759      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27375840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39996     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312227     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9018      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9940869     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138218      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          947      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3797748     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1964337     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     15842119                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.549110                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361241                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022803                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59429785                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17778584                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15705236                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     16203360                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28176                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       153497                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           66                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          409                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11981                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1401                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       253117                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        482284                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        21021                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16489121                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3896499                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1968850                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          978                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14366                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          409                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68399                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71372                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       139771                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15729924                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3784425                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            5748591                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2061254                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1964166                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.545221                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             15705855                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            15705236                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8481448                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        16707065                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.544366                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507656                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12752948                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     14986241                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1504613                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       122011                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27122723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21689630     79.97%     79.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1982104      7.31%     87.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       929896      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       919379      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249985      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1069720      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80072      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58260      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143677      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27122723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     12752948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     14986241                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              5699871                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3743002                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1979330                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        13325899                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       145081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       143677                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           43469861                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          33234860                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                522024                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1474686                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          12752948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            14986241                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     12752948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.262263                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.262263                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.442035                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.442035                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       77759051                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18244924                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      19679379                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28850526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2338117                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1916304                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       232189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       955683                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         910212                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239424                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10205                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22371218                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             13301020                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2338117                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1149636                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2924821                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        658564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       771171                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1380729                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230583                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     26489982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       23565161     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         317323      1.20%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         365789      1.38%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         201461      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         230123      0.87%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         127281      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          87547      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         227442      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1367855      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     26489982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081042                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461032                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       22189240                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       956812                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2900109                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        23388                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       420429                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       380318                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2344                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     16241709                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        12068                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       420429                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       22224409                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        253064                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       605608                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2889682                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        96786                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     16232615                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        22565                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        46455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     22565392                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     75583904                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     75583904                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     19243064                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3322328                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         4246                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2370                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          263486                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1549075                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       843374                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21834                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       187798                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         16208457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4252                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        15316186                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20883                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2034024                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4700748                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          473                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26489982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20042027     75.66%     75.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2588144      9.77%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1394355      5.26%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       968038      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       843380      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       430995      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       105166      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67289      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50588      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26489982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3691     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14726     44.25%     55.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14862     44.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12823777     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239376      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1874      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1413431      9.23%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837728      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     15316186                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530881                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33279                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002173                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57176516                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18246908                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15058349                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     15349465                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       274412                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          176                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18968                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          937                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       420429                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        201215                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14410                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16212736                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2299                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1549075                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       843374                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2365                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10325                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          176                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133555                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130826                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       264381                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15086373                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1326573                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       229813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2164061                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2111043                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           837488                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522915                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             15058627                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            15058349                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8948279                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        23453502                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521944                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381533                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11299100                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     13862863                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2350013                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3779                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       233332                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26069553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20408277     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2624847     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1101227      4.22%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       658897      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457963      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       295737      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154416      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123674      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244515      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26069553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11299100                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     13862863                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2099069                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1274663                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1886                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1984341                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        12497588                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       282028                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       244515                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           42037836                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          32846202                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                345145                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2360544                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11299100                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            13862863                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11299100                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.553347                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.553347                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.391643                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.391643                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       68041637                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      20904872                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15150914                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3774                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28850526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2243450                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2023992                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119343                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       859886                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800282                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123796                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5329                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23742506                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             14101853                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2243450                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       924078                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2787777                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        375109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       580708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1364700                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119767                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     27363809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       24576032     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          98913      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         203915      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          85076      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         463644      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         412008      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          79689      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         167155      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1277377      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     27363809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077761                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488790                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       23606800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       718151                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2777504                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         8778                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       252571                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       197107                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     16533687                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1483                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       252571                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       23631566                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        519256                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       122939                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2763190                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        74282                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     16523891                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        31282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        27166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          486                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     19407800                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     77818996                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     77818996                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17185218                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2222582                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1926                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          977                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          189592                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3895862                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1969505                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18105                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        96240                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         16489305                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1932                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        15846146                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8403                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1286752                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3087689                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27363809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21735247     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1682570      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1385645      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597998      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758189      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733740      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       416898      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32728      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20794      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27363809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40018     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312244     86.42%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9063      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9943986     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138386      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3797906     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1964920     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     15846146                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.549250                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361325                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022802                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59425829                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17778403                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15709151                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     16207471                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28515                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       152502                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          416                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12400                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1401                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       252571                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        476848                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        21026                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16491253                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          193                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3895862                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969505                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          978                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14405                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          416                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68730                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        70894                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       139624                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15733978                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3784814                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            5749557                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2061830                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1964743                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.545362                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             15709773                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            15709151                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8484668                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        16715621                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.544501                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507589                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12755922                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     14989969                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1503108                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       121743                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27111238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21676355     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1982809      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930436      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       920350      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249534      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1069531      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80110      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58117      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143996      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27111238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     12755922                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     14989969                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              5700465                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             3743360                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1979886                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        13329265                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       145168                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       143996                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           43460280                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          33238764                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                521830                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1486717                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          12755922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            14989969                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     12755922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.261736                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.261736                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.442138                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.442138                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       77777041                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18248530                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      19682333                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28850526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2183762                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953768                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175878                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1460133                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435426                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128269                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5248                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23140103                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12412967                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2183762                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1563695                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2768696                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        578959                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       345350                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1401539                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172335                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     26656288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       23887592     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         425806      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         211321      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         420594      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         131450      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         390048      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          60388      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          96636      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1032453      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     26656288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075692                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.430251                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       22847745                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       643308                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2763115                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2225                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       399891                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       202922                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13860048                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         5150                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       399891                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       22880901                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        382581                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       161816                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2732968                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        98127                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13839236                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        10444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        79434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18110811                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     62680938                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     62680938                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     14636783                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3473998                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1839                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          209890                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2520434                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       398230                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        89472                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13766686                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1844                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12873956                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8489                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2520857                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5184510                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26656288                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21007812     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1768320      6.63%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1902771      7.14%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104103      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560875      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140618      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164615      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3887      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3287      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26656288                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21189     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8661     23.37%     80.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7215     19.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10081142     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99241      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297931     17.85%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394742      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12873956                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.446230                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37065                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002879                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52449754                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16289433                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12543592                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12911021                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9910                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       518240                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10265                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       399891                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        251770                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12169                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13768546                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2520434                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398230                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          938                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          275                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118202                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68086                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       186288                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12710720                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265047                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163236                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2659750                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1933649                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           394703                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.440572                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12546520                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12543592                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7596976                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        16449939                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.434779                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.461824                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9994176                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11229542                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2539561                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1814                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       174597                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26256397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22085083     84.11%     84.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1631207      6.21%     90.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056005      4.02%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330142      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555800      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105515      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67515      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61006      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364124      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26256397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9994176                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11229542                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2390153                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             2002188                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               905                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1724966                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9806518                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       138067                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       364124                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           39661337                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27938451                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                516782                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2194238                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9994176                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11229542                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9994176                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.886734                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.886734                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.346412                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.346412                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59115054                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16321365                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14753220                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28850526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2184007                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953581                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175297                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459964                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435212                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128247                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5233                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23145346                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12414571                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2184007                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1563459                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2768725                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        576815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       342139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1400999                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     26656784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       23888059     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         426331      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         210893      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         420685      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         131183      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         389907      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          60005      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          96746      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1032975      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     26656784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075701                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.430307                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22859336                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       633762                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2763083                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2263                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       398336                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       203263                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13860874                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         5066                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       398336                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22891780                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        375586                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       160593                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2733587                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        96898                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13840337                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        10545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        78151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     18114679                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     62683138                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     62683138                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     14652665                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3462008                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1839                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          938                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          208366                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518806                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       398909                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3326                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        90943                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13768837                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1844                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12879504                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8375                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2511635                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5159261                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26656784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21004678     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1769307      6.64%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905514      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104162      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561404      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139716      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164829      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3879      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3295      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26656784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21182     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8639     23.34%     80.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7188     19.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10086308     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99494      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297445     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395355      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12879504                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.446422                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37009                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52461176                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16282363                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12550842                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12916513                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9684                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515426                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10332                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       398336                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        247918                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11888                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13770695                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518806                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398909                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          936                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4516                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          234                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117612                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67850                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       185462                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12717635                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265667                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       161869                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2660989                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1935301                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           395322                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.440811                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12553795                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12550842                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7601485                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        16454082                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.435030                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.461982                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10003642                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11240980                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2530265                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       174027                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26258448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22081699     84.09%     84.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1634261      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056975      4.03%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330799      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555683      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105944      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67701      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61374      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364012      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26258448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10003642                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11240980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2391953                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             2003376                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1726625                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9816756                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       138276                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       364012                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           39665642                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27941168                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                516077                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2193742                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10003642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11240980                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10003642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.884002                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.884002                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.346740                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.346740                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       59145120                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16331563                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14756142                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28850526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2334901                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1909568                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230236                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       990529                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         922071                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239806                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10236                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22669657                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             13240253                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2334901                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1161877                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2775692                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        665764                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       398870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1395470                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231849                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     26274733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23499041     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         150270      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         238867      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         376332      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         157298      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         178021      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         186427      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         121814      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1366663      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     26274733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.080931                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.458926                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       22465185                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       605391                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2766913                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7022                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       430220                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       382543                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     16168193                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1629                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       430220                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       22498508                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        195555                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       312914                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2741223                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        96311                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     16157269                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         3003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        27342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        36011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5108                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     22428658                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     75159851                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     75159851                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     19145844                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3282800                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         4145                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2292                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          291375                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1543101                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       828151                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24640                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       188265                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         16132897                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4156                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        15270770                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19093                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2047183                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4545440                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          425                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26274733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19834813     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2584836      9.84%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1413519      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       964054      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       900719      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       259994      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       200862      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68772      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47164      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26274733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3559     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10852     38.35%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13887     49.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12792323     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240876      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1850      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1412763      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       822958      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     15270770                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.529306                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28298                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001853                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56863664                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18184434                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15024014                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     15299068                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46506                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279509                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          204                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25040                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          989                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       430220                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        132244                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13450                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16137081                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5074                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1543101                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       828151                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2293                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9830                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          204                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134250                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131378                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       265628                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15053169                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1329153                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       217601                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2151680                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2118035                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           822527                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.521764                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             15024278                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            15024014                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8784970                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        22950236                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.520754                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382783                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11245838                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     13784558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2352571                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       234860                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25844513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20246212     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2712023     10.49%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056485      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       567706      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       425968      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237388      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146698      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       130817      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321216      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25844513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11245838                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     13784558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2066703                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1263592                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1978657                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        12420948                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       280014                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       321216                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           41660348                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          32704520                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                367391                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2575793                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11245838                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            13784558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11245838                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.565440                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.565440                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.389797                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.389797                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       67886680                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      20827924                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15080164                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3726                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28850526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2378916                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1946706                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234054                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       981404                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         934420                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         245450                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10703                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22878924                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             13300855                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2378916                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1179870                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2776557                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        639509                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       535630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1401656                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234224                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     26593560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23817003     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         130101      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         206029      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         278268      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         285477      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         242304      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         135887      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         199829      0.75%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1298662      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     26593560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082457                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461026                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       22649087                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       767770                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2771318                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         3220                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       402164                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       391235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     16319041                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       402164                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       22711154                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        152259                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       474447                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2713105                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       140428                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     16312042                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        18980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        61281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     22766126                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     75882283                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     75882283                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     19705511                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3060595                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         4006                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2069                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          421329                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1527907                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       826482                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9813                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       250797                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         16289167                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4019                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        15461288                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2223                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1815605                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4358825                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          115                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26593560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20009739     75.24%     75.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2739201     10.30%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1379106      5.19%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1013664      3.81%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       798393      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       327103      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       205075      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       106886      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14393      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26593560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3088     11.95%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9593     37.13%     49.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13152     50.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13002249     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       231115      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1936      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1402250      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823738      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     15461288                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.535910                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25833                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57544187                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18108868                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15226339                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     15487121                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32104                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247987                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           79                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       402164                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        120788                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13499                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16293212                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6869                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1527907                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       826482                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2069                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11484                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           79                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135624                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132121                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       267745                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15245900                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1318478                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       215383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2142145                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2167117                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           823667                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.528444                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             15226473                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            15226339                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8742514                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        23550245                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527766                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371228                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11487080                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14134351                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2158869                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3904                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       236770                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26191396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20356901     77.72%     77.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2909248     11.11%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1083298      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       516513      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457601      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251111      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       205870      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99043      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       311811      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26191396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11487080                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14134351                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2094061                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1279919                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1948                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          2038272                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        12734728                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       291020                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       311811                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           42172727                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          32988644                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                348314                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2256966                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11487080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14134351                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11487080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.511563                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.511563                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.398158                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.398158                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       68612547                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      21214860                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15127612                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28850526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2333776                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1908605                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230344                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       986382                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         921315                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239818                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10246                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22667854                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             13236408                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2333776                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1161133                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2774105                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        665841                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       405812                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1395449                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231991                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     26278262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       23504157     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         149723      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         237527      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         377244      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         157462      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         177051      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         185753      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         122899      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1366446      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     26278262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.080892                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.458793                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       22462952                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       612713                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2765313                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7091                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       430191                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       382418                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     16165727                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       430191                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       22495762                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        196206                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       319359                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2740161                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        96581                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     16155510                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         3036                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        27684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        36064                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4845                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     22425449                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     75148509                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     75148509                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     19145265                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3280184                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         4081                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2229                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          292220                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1543250                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       828208                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24741                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       187047                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         16132457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4091                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        15271446                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19305                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2046538                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4542467                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          360                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26278262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19838380     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2585055      9.84%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1413700      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       962976      3.66%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       900443      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       260870      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       200995      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68773      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47070      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26278262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3510     12.39%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10938     38.61%     51.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13882     49.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12792484     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240888      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1850      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1413158      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823066      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     15271446                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.529330                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28330                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001855                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56868789                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18183287                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15024160                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     15299776                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46367                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279694                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          205                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25116                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          977                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       430191                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        132284                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13513                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16136571                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1219                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1543250                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       828208                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9822                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          205                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134585                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131243                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       265828                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15053633                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1329421                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       217813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2152088                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2117612                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           822667                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.521780                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             15024416                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            15024160                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8784538                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        22949727                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.520759                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382773                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11245504                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13784146                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2352458                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       234952                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25848071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20250511     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2711621     10.49%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055906      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       567995      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       425960      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237299      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146487      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       130865      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321427      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25848071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11245504                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13784146                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2066648                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1263556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1978593                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        12420584                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       280008                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       321427                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           41663170                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          32703442                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                367593                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2572264                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11245504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13784146                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11245504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.565516                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.565516                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.389785                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.389785                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       67886876                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      20828256                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      15076413                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3726                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28850526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2182929                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953151                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175630                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1460376                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435030                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128092                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5251                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23141999                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12408662                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2182929                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1563122                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2767532                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        577701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       342434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1401205                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172078                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     26653097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.760747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       23885565     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         426100      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         210653      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         420383      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         131608      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         389718      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          60702      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          96287      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1032081      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     26653097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075663                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430102                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       22859827                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       630184                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2761974                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2212                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       398896                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       202829                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         2206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13853865                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         5124                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       398896                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       22891872                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        371807                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       162096                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2732641                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        95781                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13833512                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        10376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        77151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     18104414                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     62651395                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     62651395                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     14636632                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3467756                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1829                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          205817                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518731                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       398102                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3457                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        90819                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13760997                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1834                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12871542                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8371                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2515172                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5164117                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26653097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21004760     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1767479      6.63%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1904798      7.15%     92.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103657      4.14%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560816      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139801      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164572      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3917      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3297      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26653097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21153     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8641     23.38%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7164     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10079933     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99279      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2296866     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394564      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12871542                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.446146                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36958                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52441510                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16278043                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12541266                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12908500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9541                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516575                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10138                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       398896                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        246381                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11700                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13762847                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518731                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398102                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          929                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4501                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          244                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118087                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68146                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       186233                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12708428                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264757                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163114                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2659287                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1933360                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           394530                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.440492                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12544045                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12541266                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7596196                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        16443052                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.434698                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.461970                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9994051                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11229417                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2533989                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1813                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       174360                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26254201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22082088     84.11%     84.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632317      6.22%     90.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055465      4.02%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330372      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555657      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105937      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67467      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61245      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       363653      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26254201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9994051                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11229417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2390113                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             2002149                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               905                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1724948                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9806411                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       138067                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       363653                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           39653915                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          27926061                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                516680                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2197429                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9994051                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11229417                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9994051                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.886770                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.886770                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346408                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346408                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       59103890                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16318850                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      14748416                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1810                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28850526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2340235                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1917520                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       231444                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       957136                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         911456                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         240259                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10332                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22398986                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             13320765                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2340235                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1151715                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2928986                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        656050                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       749856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1381723                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       229924                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     26498816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       23569830     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         317953      1.20%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         366008      1.38%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         201522      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         230899      0.87%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         127257      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          87185      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         227776      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1370386      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     26498816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081116                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461717                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       22215036                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       937439                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2904978                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        22720                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       418639                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       381194                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         2349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     16266797                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        12069                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       418639                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22250147                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        248670                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       591431                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2893872                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        96053                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     16257075                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        22629                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        46092                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     22600941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     75703688                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     75703688                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     19287687                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3313240                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         4206                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2321                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          262342                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1551465                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       845855                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22335                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       187869                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16231194                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4213                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        15342284                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20797                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2028897                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4687571                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          425                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26498816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20037957     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2594061      9.79%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1398033      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       969261      3.66%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       844719      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       431782      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104931      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67574      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50498      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26498816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3693     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14751     44.31%     55.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14848     44.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12843493     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240117      1.57%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1878      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1417019      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       839777      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     15342284                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.531785                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33292                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57237470                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18264479                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15085251                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     15375576                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38615                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273796                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           80                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          179                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19516                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          939                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       418639                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        196785                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14340                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16235431                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5016                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1551465                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       845855                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2322                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10271                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          179                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133221                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130528                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       263749                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15113587                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1330543                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       228694                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2170057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2115516                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           839514                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.523858                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             15085467                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            15085251                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8965629                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        23488225                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.522876                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381707                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11325384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13895138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2340342                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3787                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       232598                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26080177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20405190     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2630950     10.09%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1103813      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       661396      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458934      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296598      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154551      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123618      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245127      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26080177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11325384                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13895138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2104005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1277667                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1890                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1988963                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12526710                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       282696                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       245127                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           42070452                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          32889634                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                344940                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2351710                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11325384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13895138                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11325384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.547421                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.547421                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.392554                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.392554                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       68167047                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      20941983                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15175603                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3782                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28850526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2183040                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1952985                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175514                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459476                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434852                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128269                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5295                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23135313                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12407873                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2183040                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1563121                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2767430                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        577186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       347622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1400816                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171936                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     26651100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.760708                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23883670     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         425666      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         211403      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         420721      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         130704      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         390300      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          60218      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          96428      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1031990      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     26651100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075667                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.430074                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       22846446                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       642084                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2761790                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2286                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       398490                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       202850                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13852614                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         5140                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       398490                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       22879149                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        381584                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       162171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2732086                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        97616                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13832057                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        10691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        78747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     18102904                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     62645486                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     62645486                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14640234                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3462665                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1840                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          209402                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518369                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       398513                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3479                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        90738                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13759702                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1846                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12871524                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8711                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2510952                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5158438                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26651100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21002737     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1767541      6.63%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1904953      7.15%     92.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103591      4.14%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560537      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139748      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164829      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3870      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3294      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26651100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21359     57.41%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8658     23.27%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7185     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10078947     78.30%     78.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99308      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297396     17.85%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394972      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12871524                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.446145                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37202                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002890                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52440061                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16272540                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12541952                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12908726                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9809                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515804                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       398490                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        252614                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12034                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13761562                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518369                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398513                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          937                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4589                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          266                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117855                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67928                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       185783                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12709004                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265007                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2659934                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1933730                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           394927                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.440512                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12545012                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12541952                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7596081                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        16442829                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.434722                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.461969                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9996459                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11232081                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2530036                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       174237                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26252610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22079856     84.11%     84.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632261      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055937      4.02%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330741      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555538      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105497      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67453      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61248      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364079      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26252610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9996459                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11232081                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2390643                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             2002565                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1725302                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9808775                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       138092                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       364079                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           39650609                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27923055                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                516248                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2199426                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9996459                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11232081                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9996459                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.886075                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.886075                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.346491                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.346491                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       59107095                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16320032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14748369                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28850526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2239986                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2020803                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119531                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852164                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         798491                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123439                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5303                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23728499                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             14085928                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2239986                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       921930                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2783998                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        375046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       589901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1363796                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119913                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     27354970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       24570972     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          98195      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         203348      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          85417      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         462422      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         411792      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          79778      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         167303      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1275743      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     27354970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077641                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.488238                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       23593021                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       727138                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2773667                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         8816                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       252323                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       196874                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     16515301                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1496                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       252323                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       23618144                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        527754                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       122889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2759075                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        74780                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     16505143                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        31366                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        27500                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          295                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19386572                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     77732171                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     77732171                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17166022                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2220538                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1927                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          192291                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3892324                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1967553                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17963                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        95301                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         16470440                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1933                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15827888                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8430                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1282974                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3085515                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27354970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21732297     79.45%     79.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1681717      6.15%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1383629      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597543      2.18%     92.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       756728      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       732814      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417045      1.52%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32544      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20653      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27354970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39965     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       311951     86.42%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9043      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9931081     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138245      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          946      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3794638     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1962978     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15827888                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.548617                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            360959                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022805                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59380135                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17755756                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15691207                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     16188847                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28169                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       152455                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          411                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12342                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1399                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       252323                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        485846                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20886                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16472398                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          203                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3892324                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1967553                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          981                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14262                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          411                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68857                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        70909                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       139766                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15715970                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3781617                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       111918                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            5744419                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2059718                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1962802                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.544738                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             15691817                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            15691207                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8474168                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        16692350                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.543879                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12742419                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     14973941                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1500111                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1907                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       121925                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27102647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21673558     79.97%     79.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1980650      7.31%     87.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       929567      3.43%     90.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       918686      3.39%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249485      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1068939      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80184      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58264      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143314      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27102647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     12742419                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     14973941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              5695073                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3739862                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               952                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1977768                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        13314950                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       144984                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       143314                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           43433346                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          33200474                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                521574                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1495556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          12742419                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            14973941                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     12742419                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.264133                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.264133                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.441670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.441670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       77690082                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18227039                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      19661516                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1904                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28850526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2184615                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1954503                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       174939                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1461476                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1436207                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         127988                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5210                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23140157                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12415816                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2184615                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1564195                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2769099                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        575860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       343806                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1400545                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171406                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     26653037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       23883938     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         425723      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         211153      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         420972      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         131593      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         390102      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          60643      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          96399      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1032514      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     26653037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075722                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430350                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       22853203                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       636418                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2763446                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2236                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       397730                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       203140                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13861702                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         5139                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       397730                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       22885795                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        376427                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       162112                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2733631                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        97338                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13841012                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        10540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        78509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     18117071                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     62685953                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     62685953                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     14657130                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3459932                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1833                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          933                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          209151                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518073                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       399025                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3370                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        90997                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13768816                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1837                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12880669                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8499                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2508339                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5152224                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26653037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20999971     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1769700      6.64%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1906125      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1105092      4.15%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560132      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139632      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165212      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3901      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3272      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26653037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21253     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8653     23.33%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7191     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10087436     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99522      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297278     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395531      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12880669                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.446462                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37097                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52459971                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16279042                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12552380                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12917766                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9892                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       514399                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           55                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10259                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       397730                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        248266                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11926                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13770666                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518073                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399025                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          929                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4547                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          269                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           55                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117794                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67527                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       185321                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12718821                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265364                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       161848                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2660854                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1935346                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           395490                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.440852                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12555143                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12552380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7602253                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        16458238                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.435083                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.461912                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10006224                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11244206                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2526998                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       173663                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26255307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22077568     84.09%     84.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1634678      6.23%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1057091      4.03%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330845      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       556103      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105788      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67558      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61297      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364379      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26255307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10006224                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11244206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2392437                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             2003671                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1727088                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9819676                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       138352                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       364379                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           39662093                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          27940477                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                515757                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2197489                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10006224                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11244206                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10006224                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.883258                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.883258                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.346830                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.346830                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       59151387                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16334145                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      14757557                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28850526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2242251                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2022691                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119221                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852585                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         798704                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123863                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5385                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23738664                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             14095056                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2242251                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       922567                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2785778                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        374742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       590649                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1364152                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119622                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     27367652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       24581874     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          98619      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         203094      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          85031      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         463305      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         412223      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          79363      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         166980      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1277163      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     27367652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077720                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.488555                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       23602582                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       728479                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2775395                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         8881                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       252310                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       197160                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          251                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     16526453                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1508                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       252310                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       23627450                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        528460                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       123795                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2761072                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        74560                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     16516175                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        31466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        27362                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          352                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19396337                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     77783246                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     77783246                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17179813                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2216517                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1980                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1033                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          190908                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3895968                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1969426                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18357                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        96319                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         16481792                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1988                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        15841700                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8673                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1283836                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3077222                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27367652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21740267     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1682644      6.15%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1385563      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597348      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       757718      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733581      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417204      1.52%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32731      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20596      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27367652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39949     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312319     86.44%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9047      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9939227     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138329      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          947      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3798380     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1964817     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     15841700                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.549096                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361315                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022808                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59421040                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17768032                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15704184                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     16203015                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28502                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       152990                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          418                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12569                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1399                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       252310                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        486039                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20997                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16483803                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3895968                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969426                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1033                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14340                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          418                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68389                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71208                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       139597                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15729340                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3785059                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112360                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            5749675                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2061364                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1964616                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.545201                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             15704819                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            15704184                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8480816                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        16705180                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.544329                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507676                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12752755                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     14985994                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1499525                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1912                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       121628                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27115342                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21682215     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1981918      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930353      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       919491      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249707      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1069578      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80125      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58211      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143744      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27115342                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     12752755                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     14985994                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              5699832                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             3742975                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1979295                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        13325676                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       145076                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       143744                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           43457078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          33223394                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                521671                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1482874                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          12752755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            14985994                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     12752755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.262298                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.262298                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.442029                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.442029                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       77755976                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18240996                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      19675429                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1910                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          44284                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32764.121693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1551441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          77041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          20.137862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           263.331759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    14.507177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   845.140407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    18.979398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   870.714433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.555553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1516.671478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.343776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   892.707425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    18.585616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1563.969058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    16.693636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   833.602261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    15.672033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   833.752899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    19.181515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1253.677343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.491433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   674.178756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.366869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1242.377356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.476200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   839.351752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.974742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   865.617347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    17.782752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   847.828702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.471039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1579.694531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    16.159654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   848.408983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.319890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1549.672375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           925.894033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           925.795137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1061.900354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           840.497665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1001.364503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           967.438377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           958.627822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           996.637758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           718.034575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1012.476613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           955.703633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           930.941765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           941.522731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           968.759073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           958.040054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           991.229456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.025792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.026572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.046285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.027243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.047729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.025440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.025444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.038259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.020574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.037914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.025615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.026417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.025874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.048208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.025891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.047292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.028256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.028253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.032407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.025650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.030559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.029524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.029255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.030415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.021913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.030898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.029166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.028410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.028733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.029564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.029237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.030250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   68421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            19306                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 19306                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   189                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    68610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3876                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3896                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5285                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3920                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2874                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4761                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3907                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3904                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3900                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3905                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   68610                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 44256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  44266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2231                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3946                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2099                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2109                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3400                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3389                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2222                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3989                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2135                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3978                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 44266                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5027772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    355586141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5662492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    372520887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5936003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    632408209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5838270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    385118270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5598857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    646288225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5507588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    345702171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4407957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    345318200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5718807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    566011285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6865347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    278117259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5823096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    562660497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4756078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    347284970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5795732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    371860470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4978199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    352384501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5786352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    660671561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4497896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    350708403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5728976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    656869128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7317439599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       176509                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       360675                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       330629                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       152283                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       147762                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       286198                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       152281                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1606337                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5027772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    355586141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5662492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    372520887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5936003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    632584718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5838270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    385118270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5598857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    646648900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5507588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    346032800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4407957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    345318200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5718807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    566011285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6865347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    278117259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5823096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    562660497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4756078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    347437253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5795732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    372008232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4978199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    352384501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5786352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    660957759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4497896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    350708403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5728976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    657021409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       7319045936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5027772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    355586141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5662492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    372520887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5936003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    632584718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5838270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    385118270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5598857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    646648900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5507588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    346032800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4407957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    345318200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5718807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    566011285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6865347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    278117259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5823096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    562660497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4756078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    347437253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5795732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    372008232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4978199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    352384501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5786352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    660957759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4497896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    350708403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5728976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    657021409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      7319045936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         9204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         9222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              112677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19306                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             19306                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               199                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         9213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         9231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               112876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         9213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         9231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              112876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.357107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.365199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.416341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.379447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.427673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.417332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.369536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.416749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.354833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.432383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.431438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.392769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.050251                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.364126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.416043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.378325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.427473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.416412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.368074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.415828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.354305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.432178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.431126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.392165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.364126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.416043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.378325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.427473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.416412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.368074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.415828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.354305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.432178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.431126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.392165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162186.193548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165542.896182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157291.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166974.848498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164888.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165033.457463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162174.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167152.026910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159967.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163866.182809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161987.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164855.589413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157427.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163735.514462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158855.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166473.907353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163460.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166139.342294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157380.972973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 166025.522868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158535.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163813.665094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165592.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167429.297614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155568.718750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164665.654673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165324.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 165706.436168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155099.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164266.230913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159138.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 165166.992205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165343.447194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       176509                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 180337.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 165314.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       152283                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       147762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       143099                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       152281                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160633.700000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162186.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165542.896182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157291.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166974.848498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164888.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165036.451344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162174.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167152.026910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159967.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163874.531171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161987.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164856.026679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157427.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163735.514462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158855.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166473.907353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163460.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166139.342294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157380.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 166025.522868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158535.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163808.228666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165592.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167420.446445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155568.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164665.654673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165324.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 165695.101279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155099.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164266.230913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159138.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 165163.752891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165342.383229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162186.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165542.896182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157291.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166974.848498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164888.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165036.451344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162174.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167152.026910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159967.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163874.531171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161987.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164856.026679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157427.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163735.514462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158855.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166473.907353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163460.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166139.342294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157380.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 166025.522868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158535.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163808.228666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165592.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167420.446445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155568.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164665.654673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165324.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 165695.101279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155099.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164266.230913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159138.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 165163.752891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165342.383229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9883                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9883                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            44256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             44266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            44266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3227318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    230478032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3570023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    242593145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3845662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    409406366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3743314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    250957753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3565205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    416803357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3530695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    223576564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2785445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    222507022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3627007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    368074392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4420815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    180647133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3671791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    365364885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3011569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    223856325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3758722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    242505993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3120412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    227779350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3752214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    428656201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2812987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    226363638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3635841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    425459475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4741108651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       118052                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       244743                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       214065                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        93866                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        89696                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       169384                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        93826                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1023632                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3227318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    230478032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3570023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    242593145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3845662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    409524418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3743314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    250957753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3565205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    417048100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3530695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    223790629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2785445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    222507022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3627007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    368074392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4420815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    180647133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3671791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    365364885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3011569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    223950191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3758722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    242595689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3120412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    227779350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3752214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    428825585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2812987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    226363638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3635841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    425553301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4742132283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3227318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    230478032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3570023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    242593145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3845662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    409524418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3743314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    250957753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3565205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    417048100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3530695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    223790629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2785445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    222507022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3627007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    368074392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4420815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    180647133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3671791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    365364885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3011569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    223950191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3758722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    242595689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3120412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    227779350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3752214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    428825585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2812987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    226363638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3635841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    425553301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4742132283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.357107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.365199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.416341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.379447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.427673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.417332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.369536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.416749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.354833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.432383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.431438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.392769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.364126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.416043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.378325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.427473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.416412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.368074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.415828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.354305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.432178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.431126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.392165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.364126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.416043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.378325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.427473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.416412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.368074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.415828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.354305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.432178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.431126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.392165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 104107.032258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107298.897579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99167.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108737.402510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106823.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106838.822025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103980.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108922.635851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       101863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105680.364351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103843.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106617.340963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99480.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105503.566619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100750.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108257.174118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 105257.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107913.460573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99237.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107809.054293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 100385.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105592.606132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 107392.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109187.750113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97512.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106438.948598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 107206.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107513.469024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96999.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106025.123185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 100995.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106980.003772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107129.172338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       118052                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122371.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107032.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        93866                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        89696                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        84692                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        93826                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102363.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 104107.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107298.897579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99167.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108737.402510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106823.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106841.747456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103980.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108922.635851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       101863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105688.824126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103843.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106617.736541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99480.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105503.566619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100750.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108257.174118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 105257.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107913.460573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99237.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107809.054293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 100385.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105587.077322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 107392.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109178.977948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97512.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106438.948598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 107206.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107502.026824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96999.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106025.123185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 100995.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106976.697084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107128.095672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 104107.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107298.897579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99167.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108737.402510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106823.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106841.747456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103980.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108922.635851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       101863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105688.824126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103843.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106617.736541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99480.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105503.566619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100750.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108257.174118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 105257.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107913.460573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99237.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107809.054293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 100385.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105587.077322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 107392.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109178.977948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97512.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106438.948598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 107206.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107502.026824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96999.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106025.123185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 100995.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106976.697084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107128.095672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              552.601511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1791471.876565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    26.432037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.169474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.042359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6750898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6750898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6750898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6750898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6750898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6750898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182456.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182456.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182456.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182456.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182456.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182456.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5910806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5910806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5910806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5910806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5910806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5910806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 184712.687500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184712.687500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 184712.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184712.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 184712.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184712.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6024                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221205115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35223.744427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.847703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.152297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.722061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.277939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2072854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        20834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20834                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        20834                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2397138806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2397138806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3791169                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3791169                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2400929975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2400929975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2400929975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2400929975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2093643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 115308.038193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115308.038193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84248.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84248.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 115240.951090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115240.951090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 115240.951090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115240.951090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          728                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             728                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14810                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14810                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    641044611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    641044611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       637482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       637482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    641682093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    641682093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    641682093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    641682093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106574.332668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106574.332668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70831.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70831.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106520.931773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106520.931773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106520.931773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106520.931773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              511.787690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1076049229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2073312.579961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.787690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.047737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1381402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1381402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1381402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1381402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1381402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1381402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7316332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7316332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7316332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7316332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7316332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7316332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1381446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1381446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1381446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1381446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1381446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1381446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166280.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166280.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166280.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166280.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166280.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166280.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6266230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6266230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6266230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6266230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6266230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6266230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169357.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169357.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169357.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169357.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169357.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169357.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              170148769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             26656.551621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.555693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.444307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.888889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.111111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       970767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        970767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       820863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       820863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1991                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1991                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1791630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1791630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1791630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1791630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        21123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        21123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2788515565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2788515565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     29895142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29895142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2818410707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2818410707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2818410707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2818410707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       991626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       991626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       821127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       821127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1991                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1991                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1812753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1812753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1812753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1812753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000322                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 133684.048372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133684.048372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113239.174242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113239.174242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 133428.523742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133428.523742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 133428.523742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133428.523742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            2111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14996                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14996                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    658987884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    658987884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1212681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1212681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    660200565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    660200565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    660200565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    660200565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107871.645769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107871.645769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 67371.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67371.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107752.662804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107752.662804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107752.662804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107752.662804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              573.272788                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1108892202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1911883.106897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.683823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.588965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.050775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.918706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1364884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1364884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1364884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1364884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1364884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1364884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7871601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7871601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7871601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7871601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7871601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7871601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1364930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1364930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1364930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1364930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1364930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1364930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171121.760870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171121.760870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171121.760870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171121.760870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171121.760870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171121.760870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6483481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6483481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6483481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6483481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6483481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6483481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175229.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175229.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175229.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175229.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175229.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175229.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 9213                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              440733823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 9469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             46544.917415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.171448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.828552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.434263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.565737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3571595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3571595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1954910                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1954910                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      5526505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        5526505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      5526505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       5526505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        32844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        32844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4042820573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4042820573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2429961                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2429961                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4045250534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4045250534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4045250534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4045250534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3604410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3604410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1954939                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1954939                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      5559349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5559349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      5559349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5559349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123200.383148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123200.383148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 83791.758621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83791.758621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123165.586835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123165.586835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123165.586835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123165.586835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        23611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        23631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        23631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1053240990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1053240990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       705643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       705643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1053946633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1053946633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1053946633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1053946633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114432.962842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114432.962842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 78404.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78404.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114397.767611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114397.767611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114397.767611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114397.767611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              512.285781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1076048511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2073311.196532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.285781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.048535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1380684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1380684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1380684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1380684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1380684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1380684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7361230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7361230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7361230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7361230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7361230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7361230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1380729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1380729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1380729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1380729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1380729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1380729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163582.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163582.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163582.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163582.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163582.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163582.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6303001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6303001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6303001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6303001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6303001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6303001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170351.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170351.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170351.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170351.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170351.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170351.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 6090                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              170146492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 6346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             26811.612354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   227.537255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    28.462745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.888817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.111183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       969278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        969278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       820092                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       820092                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1977                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1977                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1887                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1887                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1789370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1789370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1789370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1789370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        20973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20973                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        20973                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2775314575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2775314575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     31639295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31639295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2806953870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2806953870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2806953870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2806953870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       989984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       989984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       820359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       820359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1977                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1977                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1887                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1887                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1810343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1810343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1810343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1810343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.020915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 134034.317348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134034.317348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118499.232210                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118499.232210                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 133836.545559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133836.545559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 133836.545559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133836.545559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1999                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1999                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14883                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14883                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    666293826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    666293826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1203210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1203210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    667497036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    667497036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    667497036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    667497036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109732.184783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109732.184783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        66845                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66845                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109605.424631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109605.424631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109605.424631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109605.424631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              572.534196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1108891973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1915184.754750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.483564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.050631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.050454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1364655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1364655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1364655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1364655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1364655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1364655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7370581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7370581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7370581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7370581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7370581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7370581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1364700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1364700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1364700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1364700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1364700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1364700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163790.688889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163790.688889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163790.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163790.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163790.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163790.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6098341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6098341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6098341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6098341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6098341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6098341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169398.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169398.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169398.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169398.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169398.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169398.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 9231                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              440734045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 9487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             46456.629598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.173953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.826047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.434273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.565727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3571584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3571584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1955144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1955144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      5526728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        5526728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      5526728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       5526728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        32820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        32820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4049501281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4049501281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3286718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3286718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4052787999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4052787999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4052787999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4052787999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3604374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3604374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1955174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1955174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      5559548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5559548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      5559548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5559548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123498.056755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123498.056755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109557.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109557.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123485.313803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123485.313803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123485.313803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123485.313803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        23568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        23589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        23589                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23589                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1062220830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1062220830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       916365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       916365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1063137195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1063137195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1063137195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1063137195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115183.347430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115183.347430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101818.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101818.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115170.316867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115170.316867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115170.316867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115170.316867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              553.430906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1001433766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1781910.615658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.207727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.223179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.045205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1401497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1401497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1401497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1401497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1401497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7221365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7221365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7221365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7221365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7221365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7221365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1401539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1401539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1401539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171937.261905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171937.261905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171937.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171937.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171937.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171937.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6270477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6270477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6270477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6270477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6270477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6270477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 179156.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179156.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 179156.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179156.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 179156.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179156.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 6042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              221205501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35123.134487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   184.847296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    71.152704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.722060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.277940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2073574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       386088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2459662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2459662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        20853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        20853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2379968978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2379968978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5624322                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5624322                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2385593300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2385593300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2385593300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2385593300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2094384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       386131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2480515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2480515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114366.601538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114366.601538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 130798.186047                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130798.186047                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114400.484343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114400.484343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114400.484343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114400.484343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14810                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14810                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    635138384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    635138384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       877488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       877488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    636015872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    636015872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    636015872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    636015872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105259.924428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105259.924428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97498.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97498.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105248.365381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105248.365381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105248.365381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105248.365381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              551.886542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1001433233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1801138.908273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.717272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.169270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.041214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1400964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1400964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1400964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1400964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1400964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6458249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6458249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6458249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6458249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6458249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6458249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1400999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1400999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1400999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 184521.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184521.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 184521.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184521.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 184521.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184521.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5502188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5502188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5502188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5502188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5502188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5502188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 189730.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189730.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 189730.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189730.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 189730.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189730.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              221206785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35195.988067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   184.243247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    71.756753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.719700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.280300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2074250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2074250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       386694                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386694                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2460944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2460944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2460944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2460944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        20736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        20736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2358471737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2358471737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4117714                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4117714                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2362589451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2362589451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2362589451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2362589451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2094941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       386739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2481680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2481680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2481680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2481680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113985.391571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113985.391571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91504.755556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91504.755556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113936.605469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113936.605469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113936.605469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113936.605469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14707                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14707                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    632986702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    632986702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       697946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       697946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    633684648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    633684648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    633684648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    633684648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105147.292691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105147.292691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 77549.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77549.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105106.095207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105106.095207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105106.095207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105106.095207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              520.540450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1080581902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2050440.041746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.540450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1395425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1395425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1395425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1395425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1395425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1395425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7510049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7510049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7510049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7510049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7510049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7510049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1395470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1395470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1395470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1395470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1395470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1395470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166889.977778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166889.977778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166889.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166889.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166889.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166889.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6197006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6197006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6197006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6197006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6197006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6197006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167486.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167486.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167486.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167486.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167486.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167486.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 8165                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              178889466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 8421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             21243.256858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   228.833665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    27.166335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.893882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.106118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       966462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        966462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       799236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       799236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2239                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2239                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1765698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1765698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1765698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1765698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        21066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        21066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2617029889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2617029889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8868895                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8868895                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2625898784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2625898784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2625898784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2625898784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       987421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       799343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       799343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2239                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2239                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1786764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1786764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1786764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1786764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124864.253495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124864.253495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82886.869159                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82886.869159                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124651.038830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124651.038830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124651.038830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124651.038830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          978                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             978                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12901                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12901                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    922429275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    922429275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1184377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1184377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    923613652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    923613652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    923613652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    923613652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113223.183380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113223.183380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65798.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65798.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113118.634660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113118.634660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113118.634660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113118.634660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              506.574497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1074537140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2070399.113680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.574497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.050600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1401603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1401603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1401603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1401603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1401603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9071915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9071915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9071915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9071915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9071915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9071915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1401656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1401656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1401656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171168.207547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171168.207547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171168.207547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171168.207547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171168.207547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171168.207547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7597172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7597172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7597172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7597172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7597172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7597172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       172663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       172663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       172663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4548                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              163969401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             34131.848668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   221.532526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    34.467474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.865361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.134639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       964232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        964232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       810309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       810309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1774541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1774541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1774541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1774541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        14706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        14706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1841331785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1841331785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8446043                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8446043                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1849777828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1849777828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1849777828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1849777828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       978837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       978837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       810410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       810410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1789247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1789247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1789247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1789247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.014921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126075.438891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126075.438891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 83624.188119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83624.188119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125783.886033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125783.886033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125783.886033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125783.886033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    487562964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    487562964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1179692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1179692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    488742656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    488742656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    488742656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    488742656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107629.793377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107629.793377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 65538.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65538.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107463.204925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107463.204925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107463.204925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107463.204925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              521.109561                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1080581876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2046556.583333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.109561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.049855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1395399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1395399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1395399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1395399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1395399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1395399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8233360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8233360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8233360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8233360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8233360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8233360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1395449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1395449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1395449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1395449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1395449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1395449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164667.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164667.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164667.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164667.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164667.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164667.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6322064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6322064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6322064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6322064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6322064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6322064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166370.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166370.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166370.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166370.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166370.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166370.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 8150                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              178889864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 8406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             21281.211516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   228.819873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    27.180127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.893828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.106172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       966934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        966934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       799217                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       799217                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1766151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1766151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1766151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1766151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        21083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21083                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        21083                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2607406429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2607406429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8866814                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8866814                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2616273243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2616273243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2616273243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2616273243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       987910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       799324                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       799324                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1787234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1787234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1787234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1787234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124304.272931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124304.272931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 82867.420561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82867.420561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124093.973486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124093.973486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124093.973486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124093.973486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          936                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             936                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    918458564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    918458564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1206070                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1206070                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    919664634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    919664634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    919664634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    919664634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112943.748647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112943.748647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67003.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67003.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112842.286380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112842.286380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112842.286380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112842.286380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              552.486818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1001433437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1794683.578853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    26.317512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.169306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.042176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1401168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1401168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1401168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1401168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1401168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6336091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6336091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6336091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6336091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6336091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6336091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1401205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1401205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1401205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 171245.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171245.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 171245.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171245.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 171245.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171245.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5536613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5536613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5536613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5536613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5536613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5536613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 178600.419355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178600.419355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 178600.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178600.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 178600.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178600.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 6028                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              221205835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 6284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35201.437778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   184.246379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    71.753621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.719712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.280288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2073919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       386086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2460005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2460005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2460005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2460005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        20748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        20748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2361942885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2361942885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5207321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5207321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2367150206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2367150206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2367150206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2367150206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2094622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       386131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2480753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2480753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114086.986669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114086.986669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115718.244444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115718.244444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114090.524677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114090.524677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114090.524677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114090.524677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14720                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14720                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    634449645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    634449645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       842391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       842391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    635292036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    635292036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    635292036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    635292036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105407.816082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105407.816082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        93599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105390.185136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105390.185136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105390.185136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105390.185136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              511.724554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1076049504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2077315.644788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.724554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.047636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1381677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1381677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1381677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1381677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1381677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1381677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7479844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7479844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7479844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7479844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7479844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7479844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1381723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1381723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1381723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1381723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1381723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1381723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162605.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162605.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162605.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162605.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162605.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162605.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6274057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6274057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6274057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6274057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6274057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6274057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174279.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174279.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174279.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174279.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174279.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174279.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 6126                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              170150933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 6382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             26661.067534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   227.549557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    28.450443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.888865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.111135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       971839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        971839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       822014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1793853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1793853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1793853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1793853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        21129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        21129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2766558341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2766558341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     31536149                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31536149                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2798094490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2798094490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2798094490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2798094490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       992699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       992699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       822283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1814982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1814982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1814982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1814982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000327                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 132625.040316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132625.040316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 117234.754647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117234.754647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 132429.101709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132429.101709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 132429.101709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132429.101709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            2113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    658624308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    658624308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1342089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1342089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    659966397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    659966397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    659966397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    659966397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107847.438677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107847.438677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 70636.263158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70636.263158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107732.026934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107732.026934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107732.026934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107732.026934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              552.971703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001433047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1788273.298214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    26.918332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.053371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.043138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1400778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1400778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1400778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1400778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1400778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6724822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6724822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6724822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6724822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6724822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6724822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1400816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1400816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1400816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       176969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       176969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       176969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       176969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       176969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       176969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5882337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5882337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5882337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5882337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5882337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5882337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 178252.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178252.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 178252.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178252.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 178252.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178252.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6040                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              221205560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35134.301144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   184.847659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    71.152341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.722061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.277939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2073522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       386195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2459717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2459717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        20810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        20810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2385755483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2385755483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4404282                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4404282                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2390159765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2390159765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2390159765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2390159765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2094287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       386240                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386240                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2480527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2480527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114893.112593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114893.112593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97872.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97872.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114856.307785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114856.307785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114856.307785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114856.307785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          713                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             713                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14770                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14770                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    638970345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    638970345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       707756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       707756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    639678101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    639678101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    639678101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    639678101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105947.661250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105947.661250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 78639.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78639.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105906.970364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105906.970364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105906.970364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105906.970364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              572.728461                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1108891066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1915183.188256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.476517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.251944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.050443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1363748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1363748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1363748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1363748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1363748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1363748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8037120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8037120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8037120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8037120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8037120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8037120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1363796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1363796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1363796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1363796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1363796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1363796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       167440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       167440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       167440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       167440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       167440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       167440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6364296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6364296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6364296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6364296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6364296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6364296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       176786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       176786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       176786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       176786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       176786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       176786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 9230                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              440729563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 9486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             46461.054501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.167911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.832089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.434250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.565750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3568991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3568991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1953257                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1953257                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          952                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          952                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      5522248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        5522248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      5522248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       5522248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        32761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        32761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4069119080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4069119080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2479004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2479004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4071598084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4071598084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4071598084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4071598084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3601725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3601725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1953284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1953284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          952                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          952                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      5555009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5555009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      5555009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5555009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124308.641779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124308.641779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91814.962963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91814.962963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124281.862092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124281.862092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124281.862092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124281.862092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1440                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1440                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1071168351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1071168351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       764024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       764024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1071932375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1071932375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1071932375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1071932375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116166.180566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116166.180566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84891.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84891.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116135.685265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116135.685265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116135.685265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116135.685265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              552.716520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001432777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1797904.447038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    26.547160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.169360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.042544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1400508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1400508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1400508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1400508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1400508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6270519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6270519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6270519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6270519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6270519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6270519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1400545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1400545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1400545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169473.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169473.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169473.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169473.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169473.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169473.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5240511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5240511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5240511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5240511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5240511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5240511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174683.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174683.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174683.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174683.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174683.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174683.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6040                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              221206546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35134.457751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   184.442237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    71.557763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.720477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.279523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2073826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       386883                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386883                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2460709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2460709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2460709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2460709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        20794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        20794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2381013893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2381013893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5028292                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5028292                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2386042185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2386042185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2386042185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2386042185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2094575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       386928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2481503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2481503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2481503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2481503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114753.187768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114753.187768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111739.822222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111739.822222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114746.666587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114746.666587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114746.666587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114746.666587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    638486093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    638486093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       785528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       785528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    639271621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    639271621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    639271621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    639271621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105867.367435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105867.367435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87280.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87280.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105839.672351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105839.672351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105839.672351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105839.672351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              572.933924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1108891423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1911881.763793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.008698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.925226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.049693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.868470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.918163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1364105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1364105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1364105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1364105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1364105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1364105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7911056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7911056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7911056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7911056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7911056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7911056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1364152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1364152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1364152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1364152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1364152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1364152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168320.340426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168320.340426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168320.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168320.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168320.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168320.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6315012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6315012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6315012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6315012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6315012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6315012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       170676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       170676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       170676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       170676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       170676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       170676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 9227                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              440734115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 9483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             46476.232732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.166266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.833734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.434243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.565757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3571844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3571844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1954896                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1954896                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1014                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1014                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          955                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          955                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      5526740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        5526740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      5526740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       5526740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        32855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        32855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4073051667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4073051667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2680849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2680849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4075732516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4075732516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4075732516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4075732516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3604669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3604669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1954926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1954926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          955                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          955                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      5559595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5559595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      5559595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5559595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124083.828393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124083.828393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89361.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89361.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124052.123452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124052.123452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124052.123452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124052.123452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23628                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23628                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1069342805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1069342805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       711590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       711590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1070054395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1070054395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1070054395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1070054395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116005.945433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116005.945433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 79065.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79065.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115969.913840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115969.913840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115969.913840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115969.913840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
