
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001204                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1204126281                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449099205921                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 425206                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   554068                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  38775                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67619544                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31054.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13204400461                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17206104198                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        27904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        35712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        18176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        93568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        59648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        96000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        93952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        26880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        93568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        33408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        33152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        93952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               875264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           51328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       380800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            380800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  6838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2975                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2975                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2657529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     27106791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2976432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23173649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1488216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     29658019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2976432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     15094762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2870131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     77706136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2976432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     49536333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2657529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     79725857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2870131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     78025039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2976432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     22323240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2870131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     77706136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2657529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     27744598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1488216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     27531996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2657529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     27319394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2870131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     15307365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2870131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     78025039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2763830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     28276104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               726887216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2657529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2976432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1488216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2976432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2870131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2976432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2657529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2870131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2976432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2870131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2657529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1488216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2657529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2870131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2870131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2763830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           42626758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         316245900                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              316245900                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         316245900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2657529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     27106791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2976432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23173649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1488216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     29658019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2976432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     15094762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2870131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     77706136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2976432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     49536333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2657529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     79725857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2870131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     78025039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2976432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     22323240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2870131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     77706136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2657529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     27744598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1488216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     27531996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2657529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     27319394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2870131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     15307365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2870131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     78025039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2763830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     28276104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1043133116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2887594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221716                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196422                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19213                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141729                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137940                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13648                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          625                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2304764                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1258070                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221716                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151588                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278570                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        37660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140724                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18641                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2664476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2385906     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41159      1.54%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21679      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40530      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13555      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37366      1.40%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6055      0.23%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10595      0.40%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107631      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2664476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.076782                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.435681                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2237762                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       105481                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277843                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          322                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        43062                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21947                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          420                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1413757                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1746                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        43062                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2245299                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         68549                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        15739                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          271682                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        20139                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1410841                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        17983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1856372                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6402738                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6402738                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478061                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         378288                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           37069                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248584                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42570                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          217                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9392                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1401579                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302258                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269067                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       569320                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2664476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2092894     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188428      7.07%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180942      6.79%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110203      4.14%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58295      2.19%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15284      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17646      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          411      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          373      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2664476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2375     57.56%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          974     23.61%     81.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          777     18.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024539     78.67%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10486      0.81%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225172     17.29%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41966      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302258                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.450984                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4126                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003168                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5274392                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1670870                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267198                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1088                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53287                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1684                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        43062                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         35960                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2460                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401789                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           63                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248584                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42570                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           39                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11523                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8859                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20382                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283686                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221469                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18570                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263414                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194565                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41945                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.444552                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267727                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1267198                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765793                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1692508                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.438842                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452460                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000004                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129677                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272188                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18900                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2621414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2199058     83.89%     83.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166788      6.36%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106753      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33199      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55131      2.10%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11213      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7276      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6427      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35569      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2621414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236183                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195297                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173317                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988113                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35569                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3987697                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2846831                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 51425                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                223118                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129677                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.887582                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.887582                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.346310                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.346310                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5955900                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1657767                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1489399                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2887594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         236605                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193488                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24787                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96404                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90778                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24024                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1152                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2270931                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1325054                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            236605                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       114802                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              275176                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         68755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        54773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          140499                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24655                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2644560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2369384     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          12771      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          19898      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          26880      1.02%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          28206      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          23959      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          12781      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          20256      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         130425      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2644560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081938                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.458878                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2247673                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        78535                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          274498                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          403                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        43445                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        38852                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1624172                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        43445                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2254243                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         16212                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        47866                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          268344                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        14445                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1622528                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2265093                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7543837                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7543837                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1930974                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         334119                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           45337                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       152672                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        81458                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          919                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        27886                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1619151                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1527224                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          326                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198048                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       479897                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2644560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1992164     75.33%     75.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273480     10.34%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136969      5.18%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        99081      3.75%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77913      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32330      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20558      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10607      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1458      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2644560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           322     11.87%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          985     36.31%     48.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1406     51.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284804     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22708      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138449      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81073      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1527224                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.528892                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2713                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001776                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5702047                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1817609                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1502297                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1529937                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3096                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27191                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1598                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        43445                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         12829                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1473                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1619552                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152672                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81458                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1271                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13543                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14436                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        27979                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1504609                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130137                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22615                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             211191                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         213226                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            81054                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.521060                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1502383                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1502297                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          863335                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2325562                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.520259                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371237                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1125507                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1384916                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234645                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        24874                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2601115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2026881     77.92%     77.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       287605     11.06%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105715      4.06%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50485      1.94%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46557      1.79%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24836      0.95%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19264      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9742      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30030      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2601115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1125507                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1384916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               205341                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              125481                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           199676                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1247820                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        28519                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        30030                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4190633                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3282576                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 36266                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                243034                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1125507                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1384916                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1125507                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.565594                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.565594                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.389773                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.389773                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6770527                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2094468                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1505050                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2887594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         232203                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190653                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24762                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95911                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89449                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23275                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1082                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2228158                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1325250                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            232203                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       112724                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              290458                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         70513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        75380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          138942                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24464                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2639366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2348908     89.00%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          30722      1.16%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          36961      1.40%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          19692      0.75%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          22231      0.84%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          12918      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           8832      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          22539      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         136563      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2639366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.080414                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.458946                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2209747                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        94425                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          287826                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2369                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        44990                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        37282                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1615513                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2126                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        44990                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2213713                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         21752                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        62396                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          286307                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        10200                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1613284                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2245936                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7509059                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7509059                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1888331                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         357597                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          231                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           29293                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       153516                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        82940                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1880                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        17047                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1609339                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          415                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1511562                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1686                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       217391                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       506196                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2639366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2002243     75.86%     75.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256915      9.73%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137406      5.21%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95308      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82887      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42179      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10607      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6742      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5079      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2639366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           408     12.21%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1425     42.65%     54.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1508     45.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1266979     83.82%     83.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23622      1.56%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          184      0.01%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138536      9.17%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82241      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1511562                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.523468                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3341                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002210                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5667517                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1827176                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1485319                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1514903                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3605                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28469                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1914                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        44990                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         16727                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1425                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1609755                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153516                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82940                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          231                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1024                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13797                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14209                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        28006                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1487947                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130243                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23615                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             212450                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         207520                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            82207                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.515290                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1485409                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1485319                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          884892                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2316098                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.514379                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1108845                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1360251                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249540                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        24740                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2594376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2038298     78.57%     78.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258029      9.95%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108356      4.18%     92.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64640      2.49%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44720      1.72%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29010      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15438      0.60%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12048      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23837      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2594376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1108845                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1360251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               206067                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              125041                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           194541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1226441                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        27672                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        23837                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4180330                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3264585                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 36275                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                248228                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1108845                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1360251                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1108845                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.604146                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.604146                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384003                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384003                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6711586                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2065271                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1507129                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2887594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         260374                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216906                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25339                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102785                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93242                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27599                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1179                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2262463                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1429835                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            260374                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       120841                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              297031                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         71321                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        73613                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          141975                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24137                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2678854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2381823     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          17883      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          22771      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          36291      1.35%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          14927      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          19516      0.73%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          22740      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          10643      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         152260      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2678854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090170                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.495165                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2249048                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        88572                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          295505                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          193                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        45530                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        39330                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1746820                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1285                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        45530                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2251868                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          7468                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        74335                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          292831                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6817                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1735145                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4623                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2424371                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      8065526                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      8065526                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1996906                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         427446                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           24912                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       164017                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        84077                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          953                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        19023                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1691745                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1611744                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1983                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224858                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       475056                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2678854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1996486     74.53%     74.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310817     11.60%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126892      4.74%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72284      2.70%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95840      3.58%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30412      1.14%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29235      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15643      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1245      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2678854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11195     78.74%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1573     11.06%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1449     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1357957     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21812      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       148143      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83634      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1611744                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.558162                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14217                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008821                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5918541                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1917040                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1568337                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1625961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1284                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34297                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1703                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        45530                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          5630                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          723                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1692163                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1314                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       164017                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84077                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          635                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14448                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14497                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        28945                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1582993                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145519                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             229125                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         223254                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            83606                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.548205                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1568374                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1568337                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          939671                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2525517                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.543129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372071                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1161484                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1431006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       261169                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        25343                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2633324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2027084     76.98%     76.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307562     11.68%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111746      4.24%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55215      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50759      1.93%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21360      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21129      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10055      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28414      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2633324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1161484                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1431006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               212094                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              129720                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           207380                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1288372                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        29520                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        28414                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4297072                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3429893                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 36236                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                208740                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1161484                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1431006                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1161484                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.486125                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.486125                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.402232                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.402232                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7120548                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2193812                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1613970                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2887594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         222593                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181509                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23353                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85175                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22250                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1022                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2163292                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1317804                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            222593                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       107425                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              270492                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         73338                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        75097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          134782                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23374                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2557995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.991592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2287503     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          14293      0.56%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          22928      0.90%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          34051      1.33%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          14253      0.56%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          16939      0.66%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          17313      0.68%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          12298      0.48%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         138417      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2557995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077086                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.456367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2134486                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       104662                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          268509                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1610                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        48725                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        36052                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          391                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1596860                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        48725                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2140132                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         47769                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        39770                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          264673                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        16923                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1593392                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          965                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         3123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         8641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1191                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2179611                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7429497                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7429497                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1798609                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         381002                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          397                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           49422                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       161363                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        89221                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4586                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        18751                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1588095                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          399                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1482134                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2140                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243839                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       565209                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           65                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2557995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1925676     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256939     10.04%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       141635      5.54%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93238      3.64%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84833      3.32%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26129      1.02%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18829      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6468      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4248      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2557995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           369      9.92%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1620     43.56%     53.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1730     46.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1220044     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27226      1.84%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147156      9.93%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87544      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1482134                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.513276                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3719                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002509                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5528122                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1832409                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1454901                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1485853                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6881                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33733                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5713                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1178                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        48725                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         33534                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2090                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1588498                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          514                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161363                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89221                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          232                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1225                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12780                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14276                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        27056                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1460581                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             226613                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         198157                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            87379                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.505812                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1455019                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1454901                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          859983                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2182639                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.503845                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.394011                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1078377                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1314876                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       274811                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          334                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        23777                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2509270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1976289     78.76%     78.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253807     10.11%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105611      4.21%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53735      2.14%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40334      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22961      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14023      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11717      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30793      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2509270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1078377                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1314876                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               211138                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              127630                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           182869                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1188442                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25621                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        30793                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4068151                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3228112                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 38635                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                329599                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1078377                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1314876                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1078377                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.677722                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.677722                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.373452                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.373452                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6629811                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1987193                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1513838                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2887594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         224101                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201813                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13590                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90083                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78043                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12234                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          638                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2361109                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1406383                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            224101                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        90277                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              277275                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         43194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        58204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          137270                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13443                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2725860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2448585     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           9618      0.35%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20159      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3           8452      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          45213      1.66%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          40773      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7849      0.29%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          16563      0.61%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         128648      4.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2725860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077608                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.487043                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2346933                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        72872                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          276073                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          928                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        29045                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        19807                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1648627                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1367                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        29045                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2350025                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         49781                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        14826                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          274015                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8159                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1645945                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         3079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         3246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1939144                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7747080                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7747080                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1680558                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         258574                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          110                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           22534                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       386283                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       193956                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1807                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         9632                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1639887                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1565264                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1112                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       149080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       362310                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2725860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2169004     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167492      6.14%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136537      5.01%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59249      2.17%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74754      2.74%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72355      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        41126      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3340      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2003      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2725860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3864     10.90%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30687     86.54%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          909      2.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       984059     62.87%     62.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13562      0.87%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       374408     23.92%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       193143     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1565264                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.542065                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35460                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022654                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5892960                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1789240                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1549492                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1600724                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2717                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        19250                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2078                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          137                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        29045                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         45472                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2080                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1640096                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           63                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       386283                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193956                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          110                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1406                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7114                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8415                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        15529                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1552689                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       372792                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12575                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             565889                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         203276                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           193097                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.537710                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1549642                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1549492                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          837813                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1652110                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.536603                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1248627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1467242                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       173043                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        13646                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2696815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2163852     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       195074      7.23%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91249      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        90109      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24269      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104808      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7857      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5691      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13906      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2696815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1248627                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1467242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               558904                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              367026                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           193795                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1304637                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        13906                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4323181                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3309639                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 53378                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                161734                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1248627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1467242                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1248627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.312615                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.312615                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.432411                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.432411                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        7669920                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1803019                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1955103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2887594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         222872                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181753                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23309                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91119                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85187                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22275                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1042                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2160161                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1317997                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            222872                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       107462                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              270567                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         72961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        78909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          134632                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23332                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2558423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.991281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2287856     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          14334      0.56%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          22621      0.88%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          34075      1.33%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          14461      0.57%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          17221      0.67%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          17372      0.68%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          12154      0.48%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         138329      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2558423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077183                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.456434                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2132397                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       107455                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          268554                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1614                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        48400                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        36083                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          388                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1597172                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1342                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        48400                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2137845                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         51524                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        38443                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          264907                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        17301                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1593679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         1043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         3225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         8693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1662                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2179735                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7430009                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7430009                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1800240                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         379495                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          228                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           48651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       161544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        89186                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4607                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        18850                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1588521                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1482800                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2184                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243782                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       562856                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2558423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1925750     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257079     10.05%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       141974      5.55%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92745      3.63%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85265      3.33%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26210      1.02%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18592      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6588      0.26%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4220      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2558423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           370      9.93%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1632     43.79%     53.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1725     46.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1220899     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27274      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147021      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87442      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1482800                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.513507                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3727                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002513                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5529934                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1832774                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1455628                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1486527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6951                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33806                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           79                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5617                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        48400                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         37066                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2135                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1588919                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          501                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89186                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          227                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1216                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           79                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12637                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14365                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        27002                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1461256                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139272                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21544                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             226562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         198419                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            87290                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.506046                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1455760                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1455628                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          861010                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2185441                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.504097                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.393975                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1079317                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1316037                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       273913                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          334                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        23730                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2510023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1976739     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253913     10.12%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105552      4.21%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53983      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40247      1.60%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22974      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14047      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11613      0.46%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30955      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2510023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1079317                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1316037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               211307                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              127738                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           183035                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1189484                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        25643                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        30955                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4069005                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3228313                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 38722                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                329171                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1079317                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1316037                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1079317                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.675390                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.675390                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.373777                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.373777                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6632448                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1988435                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1514012                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2887594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         222937                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181702                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23305                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91018                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85314                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22306                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1015                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2166763                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1318462                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            222937                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       107620                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              270553                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         72910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        78515                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          134962                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23360                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2564568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2294015     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          14244      0.56%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          22805      0.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          33914      1.32%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          14412      0.56%     92.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          17246      0.67%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          17588      0.69%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          12207      0.48%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         138137      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2564568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077205                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.456595                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2138578                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       107441                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          268614                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1585                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        48347                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        36183                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          392                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1597225                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        48347                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2143999                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         50297                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        40067                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          264971                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        16884                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1594045                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         3173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         8500                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1526                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2179912                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7431773                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7431773                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1802781                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         377131                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           47876                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       161039                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        89253                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4578                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        18691                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1589017                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1483881                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2111                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       241709                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       559149                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2564568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1931336     75.31%     75.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257571     10.04%     85.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       141856      5.53%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92921      3.62%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85154      3.32%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26244      1.02%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18649      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6591      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4246      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2564568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           386     10.30%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1627     43.40%     53.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1736     46.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1221876     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27292      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       146981      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87567      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1483881                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.513881                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3749                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002526                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5538190                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1831193                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1457088                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1487630                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6933                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33119                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5555                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1161                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        48347                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         36094                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2140                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1589416                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          550                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161039                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89253                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          227                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1245                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           41                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12716                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14255                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        26971                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1462572                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139266                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21309                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             226663                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         198669                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            87397                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.506502                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1457186                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1457088                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          861067                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2185417                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.504603                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.394006                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1080817                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1317942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272616                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          334                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        23726                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2516221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1982106     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254402     10.11%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105585      4.20%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54138      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40367      1.60%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22950      0.91%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14002      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11642      0.46%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31029      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2516221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1080817                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1317942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               211618                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              127920                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           183314                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1191233                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25700                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        31029                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4075737                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3229473                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 38651                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                323026                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1080817                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1317942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1080817                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.671677                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.671677                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.374297                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.374297                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6638565                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1989716                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1514672                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2887594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         236608                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193530                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24876                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90858                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24017                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1145                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2272352                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1325223                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            236608                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       114875                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              275273                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         68993                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        54135                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          140642                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24738                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2645590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2370317     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          12809      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          19923      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          26873      1.02%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          28244      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          23891      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          12859      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          20259      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         130415      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2645590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081939                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.458937                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2249108                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        77891                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          274585                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          405                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        43595                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        38811                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1624386                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        43595                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2255663                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         16310                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        47139                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          268453                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        14425                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1622785                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         6355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2265400                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7545019                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7545019                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1930306                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         335094                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           45196                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       152746                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        81430                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          921                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        17430                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1619404                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1527021                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198786                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482000                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2645590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2001399     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       263674      9.97%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       133887      5.06%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       102095      3.86%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79569      3.01%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32335      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20559      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10593      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1479      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2645590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           324     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          983     36.23%     48.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1406     51.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284651     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22726      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138424      9.06%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81030      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1527021                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.528821                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2713                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001777                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5702666                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1818599                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1502104                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1529734                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3106                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27312                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1602                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        43595                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         12972                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1483                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1619805                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152746                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81430                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1283                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13648                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14448                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        28096                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1504405                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130124                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             211134                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         213143                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            81010                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.520989                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1502189                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1502104                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          863182                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2325112                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.520192                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371243                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1125089                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1384416                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235398                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        24963                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2601995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2034630     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       281026     10.80%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106352      4.09%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50432      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42417      1.63%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24633      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21933      0.84%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9617      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30955      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2601995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1125089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1384416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               205262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              125434                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           199598                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1247383                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        28514                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        30955                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4190841                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3283232                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 36354                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                242004                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1125089                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1384416                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1125089                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.566547                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.566547                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.389629                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.389629                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6769696                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2094250                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1505187                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2887594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         222374                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181257                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23403                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90617                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84753                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22224                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2156666                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1314692                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            222374                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       106977                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              269728                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         73304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        84339                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          134505                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23453                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2559765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2290037     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          14361      0.56%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          22617      0.88%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          33786      1.32%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          14300      0.56%     92.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          16978      0.66%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          17480      0.68%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          12239      0.48%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         137967      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2559765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077010                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.455290                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2128240                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       113529                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          267760                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1590                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        48643                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        36104                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          390                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1592933                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        48643                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2133709                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         51597                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        44343                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          264079                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        17391                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1589701                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         3246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         8545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1849                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2173799                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7410558                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7410558                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1793622                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         380156                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          396                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          231                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           48427                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       161250                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        89201                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4585                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        18772                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1584612                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          398                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1477902                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2216                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243522                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       567627                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2559765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1929223     75.37%     75.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256169     10.01%     85.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       141233      5.52%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93002      3.63%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84777      3.31%     97.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26034      1.02%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18551      0.72%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6531      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4245      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2559765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           388     10.34%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1631     43.46%     53.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1734     46.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1216441     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27186      1.84%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       146784      9.93%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87327      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1477902                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.511811                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3753                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002539                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5521538                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1828606                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1450770                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1481655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6853                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33929                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5878                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1156                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        48643                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         38263                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2181                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1585015                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          586                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161250                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89201                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          231                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1299                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12638                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14432                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        27070                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1456436                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       138991                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21466                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             226169                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         197775                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            87178                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.504377                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1450904                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1450770                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          857800                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2175850                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.502415                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394237                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1075522                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1311364                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       274743                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          334                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        23825                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2511122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1979537     78.83%     78.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253108     10.08%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105235      4.19%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53938      2.15%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40103      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22831      0.91%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13968      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11619      0.46%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30783      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2511122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1075522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1311364                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               210636                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              127317                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           182349                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1185309                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        25557                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        30783                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4066433                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3220890                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 38613                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                327829                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1075522                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1311364                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1075522                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.684830                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.684830                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.372463                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.372463                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6610304                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1981208                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1510403                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2887594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         221727                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196421                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19250                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141345                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137494                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13612                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          654                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2302294                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1258879                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            221727                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       151106                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              278301                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         63040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        38684                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          140624                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18680                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2662946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.789194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2384645     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          41156      1.55%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          21693      0.81%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          40332      1.51%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          13212      0.50%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          37319      1.40%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5960      0.22%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          10752      0.40%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         107877      4.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2662946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.076786                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.435961                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2232976                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       108849                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          277509                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          361                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        43245                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        21887                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          422                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1413825                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1753                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        43245                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2240767                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         71176                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        15608                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          271234                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        20910                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1410764                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        18688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1856487                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6402109                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6402109                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1476335                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         380130                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           38419                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       248944                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        42535                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          225                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         9393                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1401342                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301271                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1333                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       270110                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       573859                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2662946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2091891     78.56%     78.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188536      7.08%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180366      6.77%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       109938      4.13%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58443      2.19%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15392      0.58%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17562      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          459      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          359      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2662946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2389     57.69%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          976     23.57%     81.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          776     18.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023317     78.64%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10487      0.81%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225449     17.33%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41923      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301271                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.450642                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4141                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003182                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5270958                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1671678                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1265964                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305412                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1161                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53769                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1710                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        43245                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         36979                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2513                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401550                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           80                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248944                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42535                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          500                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8964                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        20399                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221658                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18662                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             263560                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         194259                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            41902                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.444178                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1266589                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1265964                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          765281                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1689713                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.438415                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.452906                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999007                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1128444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       273172                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        18935                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2619701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2197948     83.90%     83.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166449      6.35%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106578      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33164      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55142      2.10%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11215      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7238      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6460      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35507      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2619701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       999007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1128444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               236000                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              195175                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           173127                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          987022                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        14505                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        35507                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3985797                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2846521                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 51359                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                224648                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            999007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1128444                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       999007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.890464                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.890464                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.345965                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.345965                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5951238                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1656007                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1490229                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2887594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         232518                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190909                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24784                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96051                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89569                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23305                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1085                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2231599                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1327519                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            232518                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       112874                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              290902                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         70591                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        72064                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          139143                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24488                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2639988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614828                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2349086     88.98%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          30760      1.17%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          37008      1.40%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          19713      0.75%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          22271      0.84%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          12936      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           8844      0.34%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          22564      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         136806      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2639988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.080523                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.459732                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2213123                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        91175                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          288267                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2372                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        45042                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        37335                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1618135                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2134                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        45042                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2217096                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         21669                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        59218                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          286743                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        10212                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1615905                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2249567                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7521397                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7521397                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1891523                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         358036                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          418                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           29357                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       153759                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        83117                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1886                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        17068                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1611950                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          419                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1514017                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1687                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       217671                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       506987                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2639988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2001738     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257451      9.75%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137643      5.21%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95432      3.61%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83026      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42233      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10626      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6753      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5086      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2639988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           409     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1431     42.67%     54.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1514     45.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1268981     83.82%     83.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23670      1.56%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          185      0.01%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138765      9.17%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82416      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1514017                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.524318                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3354                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002215                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5673059                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1830071                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1487748                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1517371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3601                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28503                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1918                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        45042                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         16630                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1434                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1612370                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153759                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83117                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          233                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1027                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13809                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14224                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        28033                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1490369                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130464                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23644                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             212845                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         207806                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            82381                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.516128                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1487835                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1487748                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          886423                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2319810                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.515221                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1110840                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1362557                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249849                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        24764                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2594946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2037854     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258553      9.96%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108536      4.18%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64733      2.49%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44824      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29050      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15458      0.60%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12065      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23873      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2594946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1110840                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1362557                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               206452                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              125256                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           194814                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1228546                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        27705                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        23873                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4183479                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3269868                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 36309                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                247606                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1110840                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1362557                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1110840                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.599469                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.599469                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.384694                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.384694                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6722772                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2068597                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1509774                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2887594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         221859                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196466                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19184                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141439                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137758                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13688                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          632                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2304373                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1258677                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            221859                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       151446                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              278655                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         62717                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        38198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          140681                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18614                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2664637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.788024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2385982     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          41128      1.54%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21834      0.82%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          40478      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13416      0.50%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          37464      1.41%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6014      0.23%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          10543      0.40%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         107778      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2664637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.076832                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.435891                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2236374                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       107025                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          277912                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          333                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        42987                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        21975                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1414325                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1774                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        42987                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2244003                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         70049                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        15504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          271691                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        20397                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1411420                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        18165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1857256                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6405757                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6405757                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1479859                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         377397                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           37688                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       248635                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        42596                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          224                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         9384                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402214                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          206                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1303308                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1324                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       268252                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       567791                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2664637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2092686     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188557      7.08%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       181075      6.80%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110071      4.13%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58470      2.19%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15326      0.58%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17662      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          414      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          376      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2664637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2395     57.81%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          970     23.41%     81.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          778     18.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1025266     78.67%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10510      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225412     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42025      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1303308                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.451347                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4143                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5276720                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1670693                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1268232                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1307451                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1114                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53236                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1648                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        42987                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         36734                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2494                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402424                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           70                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248635                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42596                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          535                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11426                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8860                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        20286                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1284676                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221612                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             263621                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         194736                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            42009                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.444895                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1268824                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1268232                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          766484                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1694962                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.439200                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.452213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001026                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1130923                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271578                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        18866                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2621650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2198858     83.87%     83.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166926      6.37%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106787      4.07%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33327      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55179      2.10%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11290      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7266      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6456      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35561      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2621650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1001026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1130923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               236347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              195399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           173506                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          989221                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        14548                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        35561                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3988577                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2848023                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 51363                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                222957                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1001026                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1130923                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1001026                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.884634                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.884634                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.346664                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.346664                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5960529                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1659097                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1490224                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2887594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         260379                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216896                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25335                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       103084                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93287                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27605                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1163                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2262694                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1429569                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            260379                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       120892                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              297069                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         71259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        74519                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          141963                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24145                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2679969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2382900     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          17904      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          22934      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          36306      1.35%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          14938      0.56%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          19463      0.73%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          22702      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          10595      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         152227      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2679969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090172                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.495073                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2249171                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        89602                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          295546                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          172                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        45472                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        39344                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1746149                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        45472                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2251986                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          7526                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        75328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          292858                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         6794                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1734526                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4628                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2424225                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      8063035                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      8063035                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1997092                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         427115                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          416                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          217                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           25014                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       163571                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        84036                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1006                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        18990                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1691613                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          418                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1611726                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1854                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224778                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       474104                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2679969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1997634     74.54%     74.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310719     11.59%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127128      4.74%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72116      2.69%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95841      3.58%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30251      1.13%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29426      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15604      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1250      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2679969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11204     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1520     10.72%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1450     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1358107     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21818      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       148021      9.18%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83582      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1611726                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.558155                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14174                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008794                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5919449                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1916829                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1568216                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1625900                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1282                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33842                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1659                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        45472                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          5710                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          732                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1692032                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1330                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       163571                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84036                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          218                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          640                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14453                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14491                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        28944                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1582777                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145368                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28949                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             228921                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         223302                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            83553                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.548130                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1568255                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1568216                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          939666                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2525241                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.543087                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1161588                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1431129                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       260922                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        25343                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2634497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2028187     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307611     11.68%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111645      4.24%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55259      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50782      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21421      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21249      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10020      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28323      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2634497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1161588                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1431129                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               212106                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              129729                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           207403                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1288476                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        29521                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        28323                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4298212                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3429582                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 36217                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                207625                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1161588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1431129                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1161588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.485902                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.485902                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.402268                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.402268                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7119411                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2194019                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1613595                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2887594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         222570                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181323                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23360                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91220                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85239                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22246                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1028                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2161850                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1316760                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            222570                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       107485                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              270282                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         73213                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        77729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          134755                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23405                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2558846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.990183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2288564     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          14289      0.56%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          22810      0.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          33819      1.32%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          14419      0.56%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          17025      0.67%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          17588      0.69%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          12335      0.48%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         137997      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2558846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077078                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.456006                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2133411                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       106935                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          268232                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1669                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        48596                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        36225                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          391                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1595587                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        48596                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2138905                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         51680                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        37865                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          264608                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        17189                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1592229                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         1170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         3321                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         8721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1405                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2177011                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7423390                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7423390                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1795974                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         381031                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          380                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           48896                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       161499                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        89509                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4671                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        18684                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1586967                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          382                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1480862                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2205                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244340                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       565043                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           48                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2558846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1926765     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256827     10.04%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       141721      5.54%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93356      3.65%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84674      3.31%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26144      1.02%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18626      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6511      0.25%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4222      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2558846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           393     10.51%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1616     43.21%     53.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1731     46.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1218567     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27240      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147206      9.94%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87685      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1480862                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.512836                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3740                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002526                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5526515                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1831763                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1453868                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1484602                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7007                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34014                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6096                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1199                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        48596                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         36833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2172                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1587353                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          589                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161499                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89509                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          215                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1221                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12670                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14318                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        26988                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1459618                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139532                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21244                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             227079                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         198311                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            87547                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.505479                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1454003                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1453868                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          859369                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2178333                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.503488                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394508                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1076877                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1313045                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       275402                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          334                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        23782                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2510250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1977890     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253489     10.10%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105467      4.20%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53817      2.14%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40276      1.60%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22930      0.91%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13984      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11663      0.46%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30734      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2510250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1076877                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1313045                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               210898                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              127485                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           182597                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1186809                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25586                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        30734                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4067950                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3225501                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 38752                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                328748                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1076877                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1313045                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1076877                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.681452                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.681452                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.372932                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.372932                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6625428                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1984954                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1513249                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2887594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         221594                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196216                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19150                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141562                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138026                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13665                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          632                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2303434                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1256969                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            221594                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       151691                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              278414                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         62444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        38651                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          140620                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18593                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2663671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2385257     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          41192      1.55%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          21739      0.82%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          40561      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          13502      0.51%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          37487      1.41%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           5983      0.22%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          10560      0.40%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         107390      4.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2663671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.076740                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.435300                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2234089                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       108822                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          277698                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          304                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        42752                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        21962                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          421                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1411759                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1739                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        42752                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2241870                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         70953                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        16004                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          271366                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        20720                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1408875                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        18539                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1854385                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6392961                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6392961                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1478755                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         375623                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           37807                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       248181                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        42557                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          231                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         9402                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1399819                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          205                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301459                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1213                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       266790                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       563470                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2663671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.105720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2091878     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189079      7.10%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180723      6.78%     92.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110054      4.13%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58352      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15287      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17513      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          429      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          356      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2663671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2374     57.66%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          970     23.56%     81.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          773     18.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023732     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10501      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225134     17.30%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41997      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301459                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.450707                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4117                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5271915                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1666831                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266469                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305576                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1055                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        52841                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1644                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        42752                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         36873                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2503                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400028                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           92                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248181                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42557                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          505                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11545                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8717                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        20262                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282863                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221483                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18592                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             263457                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         194453                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            41974                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.444267                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1267071                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1266469                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          765261                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1690221                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.438590                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.452758                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000398                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1130158                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       269926                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        18839                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2620919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2198347     83.88%     83.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166818      6.36%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106701      4.07%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33263      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55315      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11315      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7234      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6498      0.25%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35428      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2620919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1000398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1130158                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               236249                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              195336                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           173382                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          988550                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        14536                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        35428                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3985562                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2842962                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 51326                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                223923                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1000398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1130158                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1000398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.886445                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.886445                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.346447                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.346447                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5952401                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1656506                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1488431                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           6856                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32725.744528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           805691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          39581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          20.355499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1735.896445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.236573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   133.568172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    15.759296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.875333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.789744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   147.235410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.173240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    69.424787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.815700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   316.948533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.700055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   235.936491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.950683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   330.509906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.832281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   316.952188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    16.026415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   107.262918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.646601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   322.800912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.056440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   137.179075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.818514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   138.356191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.240348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   133.700208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.667514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    72.125574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.436549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   316.309119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    15.786534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   138.862298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1766.579623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1205.611319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1523.597126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1001.919163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2239.065322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1923.791812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2219.919155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2259.855423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1233.103762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2270.381899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1732.592542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1581.353326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1755.374994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1031.772649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2202.398163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1701.548205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.052975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.004076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.003414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.004493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.009673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.007200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.010086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.009673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.003273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.009851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.004186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.004222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.004080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.009653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.004238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.053912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.036792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.046496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.030576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.068331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.058709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.067747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.068965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.037631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.069287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.052875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.048259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.053570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.031487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.067212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.051927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.998710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             4179                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  4179                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          384                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          554                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          538                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          561                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          381                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6660                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 437                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   6838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          255                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          279                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          731                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          466                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          750                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          731                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          261                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          266                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  6838                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3771339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     38245359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4347132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     33000943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2260976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     41931878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4264365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21660933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4163178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     97811928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4333934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     70776445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3900566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     99414446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4367588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     97037354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4257365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31761926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4168016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     98461282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3872631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     39166076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1996733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38872001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3797073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     38890293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4132244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21873264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4327469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     97492944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3835368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     39965115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       968158164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192622                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12712567                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     13588947                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12878730                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       131541                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13008646                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       173970                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       143972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     12877949                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       168800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      65877744                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3771339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     38245359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4347132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     33000943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2260976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4264365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21660933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4163178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110524495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4333934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     70776445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3900566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    113003393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4367588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    109916084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4257365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31893467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4168016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    111469928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3872631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     39340046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1996733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     39015973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3797073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     38890293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4132244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21873264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4327469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110370893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3835368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     40133915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1034035908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3771339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     38245359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4347132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     33000943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2260976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4264365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21660933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4163178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110524495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4333934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     70776445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3900566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    113003393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4367588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    109916084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4257365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31893467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4168016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    111469928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3872631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     39340046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1996733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     39015973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3797073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     38890293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4132244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21873264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4327469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110370893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3835368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     40133915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1034035908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               13027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         4179                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              4179                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           92                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               471                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                13498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               13498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.400943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.443992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.454248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.319101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.539616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.490011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.551839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.536868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.536160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.404355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.420881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.404724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.323596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.537313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.415361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.491364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.927813                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.399061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.455139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.316964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.568872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.488470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.582298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.566795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.566228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.404025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.421824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.402821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.321429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.567233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.414977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.506594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.399061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.455139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.316964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.568872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.488470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.582298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.566795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.566228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.404025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.421824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.402821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.321429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.567233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.414977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.506594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150853.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149981.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155254.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151380.472477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161498.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150834.093525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152298.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152541.781690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154191.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151177.632148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154783.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151880.783262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156022.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150627.948485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161762.518519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149749.003086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152048.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151970.937799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154370.962963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152653.150388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154905.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150638.753846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 142623.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150666.670543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151882.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151324.097276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153046.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151897.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160276.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150452.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147514.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150811.754717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151251.080144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192622                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151340.083333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150988.300000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149752.674419                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       131541                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151263.325581                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       173970                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       143972                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149743.593023                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       168800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150749.986270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150853.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149981.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155254.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151380.472477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161498.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152298.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152541.781690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154191.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151196.299590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154783.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151880.783262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156022.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150671.190667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161762.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149749.433243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152048.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151873.652381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154370.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152489.641587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154905.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150728.145594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 142623.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150640.822394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151882.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151324.097276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153046.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151897.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160276.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150369.064033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147514.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150879.379699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151219.056449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150853.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149981.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155254.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151380.472477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161498.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152298.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152541.781690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154191.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151196.299590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154783.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151880.783262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156022.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150671.190667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161762.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149749.433243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152048.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151873.652381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154370.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152489.641587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154905.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150728.145594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 142623.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150640.822394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151882.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151324.097276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153046.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151897.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160276.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150369.064033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147514.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150879.379699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151219.056449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2975                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2975                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            437                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              6838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             6838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2315573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23406221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2720606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     20308560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1449084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25740440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2636663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13400337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2595272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     60172879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2701442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     43667136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2451246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     60999704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2800027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     59320013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2630639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19602662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2600414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     60922885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2420746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     24038550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1182154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     23854492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2342308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23938227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2562466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13497586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2761318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     59804475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2324828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     24539892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    595708845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       134822                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7824369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8354075                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7870206                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        73433                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7997079                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       115550                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        85943                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7870905                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       111000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40437382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2315573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23406221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2720606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     20308560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1449084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25875262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2636663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13400337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2595272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     67997248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2701442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     43667136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2451246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     69353779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2800027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     67190219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2630639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19676095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2600414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     68919964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2420746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     24154100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1182154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     23940435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2342308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23938227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2562466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13497586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2761318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     67675380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2324828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     24650892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    636146227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2315573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23406221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2720606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     20308560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1449084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25875262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2636663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13400337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2595272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     67997248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2701442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     43667136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2451246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     69353779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2800027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     67190219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2630639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19676095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2600414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     68919964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2420746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     24154100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1182154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     23940435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2342308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23938227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2562466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13497586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2761318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     67675380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2324828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     24650892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    636146227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.400943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.443992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.454248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.319101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.539616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.490011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.551839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.536868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.536160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.404355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.420881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.404724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.323596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.537313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.415361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.491364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.927813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.399061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.455139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.316964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.568872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.488470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.582298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.566795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.566228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.404025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.421824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.402821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.321429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.567233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.414977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.506594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.399061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.455139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.316964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.568872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.488470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.582298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.566795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.566228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.404025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.421824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.402821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.321429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.567233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.414977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.506594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92622.920000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91789.101961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97164.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93158.532110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       103506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92591.510791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94166.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94368.570423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96121.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93002.904173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96480.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93706.300429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98049.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92423.793939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 103704.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91543.229938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93951.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93792.641148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96311.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94454.085271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96829.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92455.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 84439.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92459.271318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93692.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93144.852140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94906.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93733.236111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102271.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92290.856481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89416.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92603.366038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93064.965630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       134822                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93147.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92823.055556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91514.023256                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        73433                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92989.290698                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       115550                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        85943                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91522.151163                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       111000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92534.054920                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92622.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91789.101961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97164.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93158.532110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       103506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92742.874552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94166.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94368.570423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96121.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93019.491108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96480.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93706.300429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98049.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92471.705333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 103704.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91539.807902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93951.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93695.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96311.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94281.756498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96829.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92544.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 84439.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92434.111969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93692.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93144.852140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94906.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93733.236111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102271.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92200.790191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89416.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92672.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93031.036414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92622.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91789.101961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97164.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93158.532110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       103506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92742.874552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94166.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94368.570423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96121.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93019.491108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96480.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93706.300429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98049.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92471.705333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 103704.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91539.807902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93951.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93695.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96311.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94281.756498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96829.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92544.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 84439.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92434.111969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93692.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93144.852140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94906.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93733.236111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102271.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92200.790191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89416.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92672.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93031.036414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.235676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1356551.329114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.499154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.736523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.024838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.868967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5529542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5529542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5529542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5529542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5529542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5529542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153598.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153598.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153598.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153598.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153598.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153598.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4267848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4267848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4267848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4267848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4267848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4267848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       164148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       164148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       164148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             191207.992179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.628112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.371888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.604016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.395984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    243173168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243173168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1415263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1415263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    244588431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    244588431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    244588431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    244588431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111701.041801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111701.041801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94350.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94350.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111582.313412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111582.313412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111582.313412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111582.313412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     68339649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68339649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       220286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       220286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     68559935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68559935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     68559935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68559935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107452.278302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107452.278302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73428.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73428.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107292.543036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107292.543036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107292.543036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107292.543036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              491.308774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              844471237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1675538.168651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    16.308774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.026136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       140465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       140465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         140465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       140465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        140465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5797189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5797189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5797189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5797189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5797189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5797189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       140499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       140499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       140499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       140499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       140499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170505.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170505.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170505.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170505.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170505.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170505.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5026299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5026299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5026299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5026299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5026299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5026299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173320.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173320.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173320.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173320.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173320.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173320.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              127660927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             170214.569333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   154.360485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   101.639515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.602971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.397029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        95357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        79470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       174827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         174827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       174827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        174827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    204539887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    204539887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1187298                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1187298                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    205727185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    205727185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    205727185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    205727185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        96925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79484                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79484                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       176409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       176409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 130446.356505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130446.356505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        84807                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        84807                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 130042.468394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130042.468394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 130042.468394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130042.468394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1088                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1088                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     54588886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54588886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       206720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       206720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     54795606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54795606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     54795606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54795606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111178.993890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111178.993890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 68906.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68906.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110922.279352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110922.279352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110922.279352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110922.279352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.817233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              845323953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1704282.163306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.817233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       138925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       138925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         138925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       138925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        138925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3095462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3095462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3095462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3095462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3095462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3095462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       138942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       138942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       138942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       138942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       138942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       182086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       182086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       182086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       182086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       182086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       182086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2719245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2719245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2719245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2719245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2719245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2719245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 194231.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194231.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 194231.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194231.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 194231.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194231.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              132974510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             153020.149597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   176.398411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    79.601589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.689056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.310944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        95349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        80545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       175894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         175894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       175894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        175894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    273092648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    273092648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11563435                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     11563435                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    284656083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    284656083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    284656083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    284656083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        97400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        80630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       178030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       178030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 133150.974159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133150.974159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 136040.411765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136040.411765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 133265.956461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133265.956461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 133265.956461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133265.956461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68094656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68094656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       201122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       201122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68295778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68295778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68295778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68295778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111265.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111265.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       201122                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       201122                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111412.362153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111412.362153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111412.362153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111412.362153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              474.666159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              847782512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1751616.760331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.666159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.031516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       141937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       141937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         141937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       141937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        141937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6275163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6275163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6275163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6275163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6275163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6275163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       141975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       141975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       141975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       141975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       141975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165135.868421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165135.868421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165135.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165135.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165135.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165135.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5059406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5059406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5059406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5059406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5059406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5059406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174462.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174462.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174462.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174462.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174462.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174462.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              123769966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             175809.610795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   150.682826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   105.317174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.588605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.411395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       111495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        81956                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81956                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       193451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         193451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       193451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        193451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    124508528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    124508528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       850054                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       850054                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    125358582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    125358582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    125358582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    125358582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       112645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        81964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       194609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       194609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108268.285217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108268.285217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106256.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106256.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108254.388601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108254.388601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108254.388601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108254.388601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          710                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          710                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     44137905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44137905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       238072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       238072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     44375977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44375977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     44375977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44375977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99186.303371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99186.303371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 79357.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79357.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99053.520089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99053.520089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99053.520089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99053.520089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              516.756975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              849095195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1639179.913127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    26.756975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.042880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       134747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       134747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         134747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       134747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        134747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7894291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7894291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7894291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7894291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7894291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7894291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       134782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       134782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       134782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       134782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       134782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 225551.171429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225551.171429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 225551.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225551.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 225551.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225551.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6644208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6644208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6644208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6644208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6644208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6644208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 237293.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237293.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 237293.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237293.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 237293.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237293.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 1285                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              141324653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             91709.703439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   201.467508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    54.532492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.786982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.213018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       102289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        82412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          214                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          214                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       184701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         184701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       184701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        184701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          649                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          649                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         3478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         3478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    389505339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    389505339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    116390450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    116390450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    505895789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    505895789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    505895789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    505895789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       105118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        83061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          214                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          214                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       188179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       188179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.026913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.007814                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007814                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.018482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.018482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 137683.046660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137683.046660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 179338.135593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179338.135593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 145455.948534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145455.948534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 145455.948534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145455.948534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          563                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          563                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    147158050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147158050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     13861302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13861302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    161019352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    161019352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    161019352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    161019352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122733.986656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122733.986656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161177.930233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161177.930233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125306.888716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125306.888716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125306.888716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125306.888716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              569.810572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              868085186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1517631.444056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    27.769087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   542.041485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.044502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.868656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       137228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       137228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         137228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       137228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        137228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6129463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6129463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6129463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6129463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6129463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6129463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       137270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       137270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       137270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       137270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       137270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 145939.595238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145939.595238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 145939.595238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145939.595238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 145939.595238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145939.595238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4656963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4656963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4656963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4656963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4656963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4656963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160584.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160584.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160584.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160584.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160584.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160584.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  954                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              332279589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             274611.230579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   106.709828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   149.290172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.416835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.583165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       351873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        351873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       191673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       191673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       543546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         543546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       543546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        543546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         3386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         3386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    417694963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    417694963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       684646                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       684646                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    418379609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    418379609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    418379609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    418379609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       355250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       355250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       191682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       191682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       546932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       546932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       546932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       546932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123688.173823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123688.173823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 76071.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76071.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123561.609273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123561.609273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123561.609273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123561.609273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    110492663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110492663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    110684963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110684963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    110684963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110684963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 116185.765510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116185.765510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 116021.973795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116021.973795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 116021.973795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116021.973795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              514.893543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              849095046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1645533.034884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.893543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.039893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       134598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       134598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         134598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       134598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        134598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7213150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7213150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7213150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7213150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7213150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7213150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       134632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       134632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       134632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       134632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       134632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 212151.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 212151.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 212151.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 212151.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 212151.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 212151.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5390987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5390987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5390987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5390987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5390987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5390987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 207345.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207345.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 207345.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207345.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 207345.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207345.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 1288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              141324586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             91531.467617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   201.477971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    54.522029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.787023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.212977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       102202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        82437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          209                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          209                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       184639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         184639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       184639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        184639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          685                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          685                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         3569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3569                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         3569                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    393110828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    393110828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    123836142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    123836142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    516946970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    516946970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    516946970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    516946970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       105086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        83122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          209                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          209                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       188208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       188208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.027444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008241                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008241                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.018963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.018963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 136307.499307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136307.499307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 180782.689051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180782.689051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 144843.645279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 144843.645279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 144843.645279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 144843.645279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2281                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2281                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    146301793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146301793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     14962710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14962710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    161264503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    161264503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    161264503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    161264503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001107                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001107                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122325.913880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122325.913880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162638.152174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162638.152174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 125205.359472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125205.359472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 125205.359472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125205.359472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              516.773822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              849095375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1639180.260618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    26.773822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.042907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       134927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       134927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         134927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       134927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        134927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8093435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8093435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8093435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8093435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8093435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8093435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       134962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       134962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       134962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       134962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       134962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       231241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       231241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       231241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       231241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       231241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       231241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6627710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6627710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6627710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6627710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6627710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6627710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 236703.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 236703.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 236703.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 236703.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 236703.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 236703.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 1295                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              141324675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             91118.423598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   201.529313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    54.470687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.787224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.212776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       102165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        82565                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82565                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          207                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          207                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       184730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         184730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       184730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        184730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          686                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          686                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         3589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         3589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    391048452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    391048452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    120741234                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    120741234                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    511789686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    511789686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    511789686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    511789686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       105068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        83251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          207                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          207                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       188319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       188319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.027630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008240                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008240                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 134704.943851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134704.943851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 176007.629738                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176007.629738                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 142599.522430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142599.522430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 142599.522430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142599.522430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2294                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2294                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    145223504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145223504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     14150196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14150196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    159373700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159373700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    159373700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159373700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001057                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001057                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120317.733223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120317.733223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160797.681818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160797.681818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123068.494208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123068.494208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123068.494208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123068.494208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              491.320816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              844471381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1675538.454365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    16.320816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.026155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       140609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       140609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         140609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       140609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        140609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5453063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5453063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5453063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5453063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5453063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5453063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       140642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       140642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       140642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       140642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       140642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165244.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165244.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165244.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165244.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165244.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165244.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4821987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4821987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4821987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4821987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4821987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4821987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166275.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166275.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166275.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166275.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166275.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166275.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              127660892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             170214.522667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   154.429421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   101.570579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.603240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.396760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        95353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        79439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       174792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         174792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       174792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        174792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    200378617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    200378617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1787416                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1787416                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    202166033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    202166033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    202166033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    202166033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        96917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        79453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       176370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       176370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 128119.320332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128119.320332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 127672.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127672.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 128115.356781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128115.356781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 128115.356781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128115.356781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1084                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1084                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53460114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53460114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       273916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       273916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53734030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53734030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53734030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53734030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108880.069246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108880.069246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91305.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91305.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108773.340081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108773.340081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108773.340081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108773.340081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              516.750319                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              849094918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1639179.378378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.750319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.042869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       134470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       134470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         134470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       134470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        134470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7830323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7830323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7830323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7830323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7830323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7830323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       134505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       134505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       134505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       134505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       134505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 223723.514286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223723.514286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 223723.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223723.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 223723.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223723.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6438236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6438236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6438236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6438236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6438236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6438236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       229937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       229937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       229937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       229937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       229937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       229937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1291                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              141324214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             91353.725921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   201.659574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    54.340426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.787733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.212267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       102070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        82201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       184271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         184271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       184271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        184271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    405980031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    405980031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    120845784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    120845784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    526825815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    526825815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    526825815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    526825815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       105025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       187898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       187898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       187898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       187898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.028136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 137387.489340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137387.489340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 179830.035714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179830.035714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 145251.120761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145251.120761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 145251.120761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145251.120761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2336                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2336                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    147586141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147586141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     14224433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14224433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    161810574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    161810574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    161810574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    161810574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122681.746467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122681.746467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161641.284091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161641.284091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125337.392719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125337.392719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125337.392719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125337.392719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              542.055664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750172788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1356551.153707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.317776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.737888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.024548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.844131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.868679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         140591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        140591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5108637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5108637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5108637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5108637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5108637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5108637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       140624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       140624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154807.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154807.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154807.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154807.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154807.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154807.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4268634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4268634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4268634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4268634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4268634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4268634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164178.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164178.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164178.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164178.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164178.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164178.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              171131094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             189724.050998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   155.563369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   100.436631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.607669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.392331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       201485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       242093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         242093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       242093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        242093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    247355611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    247355611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2194063                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2194063                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    249549674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    249549674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    249549674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    249549674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       203708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       244331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       244331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111271.080072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111271.080072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 146270.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146270.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111505.663092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111505.663092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111505.663092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111505.663092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           81                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              81                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1592                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1592                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     69755223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69755223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       320982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       320982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     70076205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70076205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     70076205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70076205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108484.017107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108484.017107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       106994                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       106994                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108477.097523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108477.097523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108477.097523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108477.097523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              495.817585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              845324154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1704282.568548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.817585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       139126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        139126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       139126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         139126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       139126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        139126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2778885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2778885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2778885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2778885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2778885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2778885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       139143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       139143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       139143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       139143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       139143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       139143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163463.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163463.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163463.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163463.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163463.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163463.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2427617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2427617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2427617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2427617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2427617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2427617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173401.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173401.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173401.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173401.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173401.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173401.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              132974871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             152844.679310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   176.453332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    79.546668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.689271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.310729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        95539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        80712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       176251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         176251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       176251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        176251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    269131952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    269131952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10540919                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10540919                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    279672871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    279672871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    279672871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    279672871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        97593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        80797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       178390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       178390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 131028.214216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131028.214216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124010.811765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124010.811765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 130749.355306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130749.355306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 130749.355306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130749.355306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1525                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1525                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     66407783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66407783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       161472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       161472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     66569255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66569255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     66569255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66569255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108332.435563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108332.435563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       161472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       161472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108418.982085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108418.982085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108418.982085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108418.982085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              542.239461                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750172845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1356551.256781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.503398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.736063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.024845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.844128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.868973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         140648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        140648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5053890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5053890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5053890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5053890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5053890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5053890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       140681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       140681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153148.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153148.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153148.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153148.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153148.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153148.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4290000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4290000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4290000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4290000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       165000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       165000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       165000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       165000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       165000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       165000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  638                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              171131213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             191421.938479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   154.652001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   101.347999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.604109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.395891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       201479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       242209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         242209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       242209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        242209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    244275167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    244275167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1459442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1459442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    245734609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245734609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    245734609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245734609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       203677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       244422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       244422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111135.198817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111135.198817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97296.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97296.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111041.395843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111041.395843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111041.395843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111041.395843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1575                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1575                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68732915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68732915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       238347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       238347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68971262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68971262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68971262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68971262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108240.811024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108240.811024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        79449                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79449                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108105.426332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108105.426332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108105.426332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108105.426332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              474.652757                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              847782498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1751616.731405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    19.652757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.031495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       141923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       141923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         141923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       141923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        141923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6693891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6693891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6693891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6693891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6693891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6693891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       141963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       141963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       141963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       141963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       141963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167347.275000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167347.275000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167347.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167347.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167347.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167347.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4948494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4948494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4948494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4948494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4948494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4948494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170637.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170637.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170637.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170637.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170637.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170637.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              123769836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             175809.426136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   150.652587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   105.347413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.588487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.411513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       111358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        81962                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81962                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          206                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          206                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       193320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         193320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       193320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        193320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    123803892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123803892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       751902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    124555794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    124555794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    124555794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    124555794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       112492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        81970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          206                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          206                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       194462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       194462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109174.507937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109174.507937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93987.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93987.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109068.120841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109068.120841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109068.120841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109068.120841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     44294121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44294121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       209626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       209626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     44503747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44503747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     44503747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44503747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99537.350562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99537.350562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69875.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69875.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99338.720982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99338.720982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99338.720982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99338.720982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              516.753565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              849095168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1639179.861004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    26.753565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.042874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       134720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       134720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         134720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       134720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        134720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7800942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7800942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7800942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7800942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7800942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7800942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       134755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       134755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       134755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       134755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       134755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 222884.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222884.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 222884.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222884.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 222884.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222884.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6244523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6244523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6244523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6244523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6244523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6244523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 223018.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223018.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 223018.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223018.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 223018.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223018.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 1294                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              141324637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             91177.185161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   201.630212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    54.369788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.787618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.212382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       102391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        82308                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82308                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       184699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         184699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       184699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        184699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          658                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          658                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         3593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3593                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         3593                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    399893615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    399893615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    118109114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    118109114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    518002729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    518002729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    518002729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    518002729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       105326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        82966                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82966                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       188292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       188292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.027866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.007931                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007931                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.019082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.019082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 136249.954003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136249.954003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 179497.133739                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179497.133739                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 144169.977456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 144169.977456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 144169.977456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 144169.977456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    146344674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146344674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14129127                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14129127                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    160473801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160473801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    160473801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160473801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121347.159204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121347.159204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160558.261364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160558.261364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124013.756569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124013.756569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124013.756569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124013.756569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              542.785549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              750172785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1354102.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.048970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.736579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.025720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.844129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         140588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        140588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5029034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5029034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5029034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5029034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5029034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5029034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       140620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       140620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157157.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157157.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157157.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157157.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157157.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157157.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4321902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4321902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4321902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4321902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4321902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4321902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160070.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160070.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160070.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160070.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160070.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160070.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              171131122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             190781.629877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   155.150311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   100.849689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.606056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.393944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       201424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       242120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         242120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       242120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        242120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    246661293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    246661293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2191476                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2191476                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    248852769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    248852769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    248852769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    248852769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       203629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        40711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       244340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       244340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111864.531973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111864.531973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 146098.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146098.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112095.841892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112095.841892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112095.841892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112095.841892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           81                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              81                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1579                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1579                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     69529945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69529945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       307429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       307429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     69837374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69837374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     69837374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69837374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108981.105016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108981.105016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102476.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102476.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108950.661466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108950.661466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108950.661466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108950.661466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
