
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001105                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1105127562                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391204441299                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 389086                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   497609                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36696                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67743860                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30115.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11717713984                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14985993453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        41728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        41472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        41984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        41344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        21632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        41600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        62976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               477312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       176640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            176640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1380                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1380                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     37526890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     19921682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     37990185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     37411066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     19574211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     18068502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     37642713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     56985277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     19921682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               431906701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           30809113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         159836752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              159836752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         159836752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     37526890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     19921682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     37990185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     37411066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     19574211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     18068502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     37642713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     56985277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     19921682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              591743453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180956                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162850                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9799                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1899896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1132638                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180956                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         36067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       262289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2186700     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7754      0.32%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16661      0.69%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6896      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36028      1.49%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32620      1.35%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6341      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13397      0.56%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103703      4.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.427380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1878670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       283914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1327552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1881938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        241331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        31889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        10474                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1325743                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         4540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         3337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1003                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1566399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6236383                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6236383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         217422                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           24240                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308689                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1321016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256721                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       309402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.521439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1956810     81.19%     81.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139281      5.78%     86.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112339      4.66%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48691      2.02%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60303      2.50%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56308      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32159      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2689      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1520      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3096     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23700     86.15%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          713      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792986     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10992      0.87%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298590     23.76%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154078     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256721                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.474201                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021890                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4952223                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1446703                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15990                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1784                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        234285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1321177                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308689                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5802                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163202                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154028                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1244078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1243971                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673809                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1335462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.504551                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145780                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1956257     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       159003      6.66%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73909      3.10%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72106      3.02%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19791      0.83%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82275      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6437      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4654      0.20%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11335      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        11335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3695770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2667018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 42116                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                240087                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.650187                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.650187                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.377332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.377332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6152649                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1451307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1570171                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         181474                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163312                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        69402                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          63061                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9804                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          507                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1905885                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1135435                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            181474                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        72865                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              224036                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         36181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       260956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          111079                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11173                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2415492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2191456     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           7822      0.32%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          16653      0.69%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           6972      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          36172      1.50%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          32675      1.35%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           6346      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          13398      0.55%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         103998      4.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2415492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068476                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.428436                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1887641                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       279600                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          223049                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          761                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        24433                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        16128                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1331055                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        24433                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1890694                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        238625                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        27953                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          220921                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        12858                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1329267                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         4091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4052                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1570338                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6252463                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6252463                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1352514                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         217818                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           22697                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       309528                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       155218                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1401                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         7488                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1324572                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1260114                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1264                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       126142                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310935                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2415492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.521680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.310099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1961632     81.21%     81.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139002      5.75%     86.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112341      4.65%     91.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        49039      2.03%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60410      2.50%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56513      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32294      1.34%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2744      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1517      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2415492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3118     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23831     86.19%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          700      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       795143     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11053      0.88%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       299428     23.76%     87.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154415     12.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1260114                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.475481                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27649                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021942                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4964633                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1450922                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1247291                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1287763                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2258                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16174                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1793                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        24433                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        232380                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2259                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1324733                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       309528                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       155218                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1474                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5810                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7068                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        12878                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1250069                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       298251                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10045                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             452615                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         163630                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           154364                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.471691                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1247399                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1247291                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          675512                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1338166                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.470643                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.504804                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1002604                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1178602                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       146287                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        11348                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2391059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1960642     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       158990      6.65%     88.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        74295      3.11%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72339      3.03%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19710      0.82%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82680      3.46%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6420      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4619      0.19%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11364      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2391059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1002604                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1178602                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               446771                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              293351                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           155801                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1048099                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        11503                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        11364                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3704584                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2674228                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 42268                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                234695                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1002604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1178602                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1002604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.643304                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.643304                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.378314                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.378314                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6168855                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1455199                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1573913                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2649242                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         194221                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159173                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20895                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79861                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74118                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19574                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          937                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1861928                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1108401                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            194221                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        93692                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              242463                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         59858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       184877                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          116334                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20655                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2327870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2085407     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          25696      1.10%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          30336      1.30%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          16413      0.71%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          18303      0.79%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          11018      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7219      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          18899      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         114579      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2327870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.418384                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1845742                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       201681                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          240183                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2063                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        38198                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        31391                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1351389                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        38198                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1849175                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         18127                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       174514                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          238826                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9027                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1349569                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1877798                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6280115                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6280115                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1573427                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         304260                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          358                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           25319                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       129307                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        69550                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1735                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        14782                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1345747                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1263680                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1681                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184378                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428389                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2327870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1794610     77.09%     77.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214967      9.23%     86.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115084      4.94%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80263      3.45%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69477      2.98%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34935      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8726      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5647      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4161      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2327870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1165     42.44%     54.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1238     45.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1058338     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19576      1.55%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116802      9.24%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68811      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1263680                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.476997                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2745                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4859656                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1530527                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1240651                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1266425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3254                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1988                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           43                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        38198                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         13866                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1346113                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129307                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69550                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          794                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11454                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12156                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        23610                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1243409                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109684                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             178456                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         173370                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            68772                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.469345                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1240749                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1240651                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          738609                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1932393                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.468304                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382225                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       924087                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1133761                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       212293                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          313                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        20827                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2289672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825653     79.73%     79.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215730      9.42%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90266      3.94%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54043      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37192      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24133      1.05%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12663      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9977      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20015      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2289672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       924087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1133761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               171949                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              104391                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           162247                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1022125                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        23057                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        20015                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3615698                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2730392                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 30676                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                321372                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            924087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1133761                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       924087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.866875                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.866875                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.348812                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.348812                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5607735                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1724524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1260768                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          312                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         180147                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162185                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11135                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68991                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62544                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9753                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          505                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1891224                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1127536                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            180147                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        72297                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              222239                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         35801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       277217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          110193                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11007                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2415092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2192853     90.80%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           7704      0.32%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          16274      0.67%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           6891      0.29%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          35986      1.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          32558      1.35%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           6373      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          13282      0.55%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         103171      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2415092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067975                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.425455                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1871229                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       297611                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          221257                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          757                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        24230                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        15949                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1321297                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        24230                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1874362                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        254801                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        33257                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          219090                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         9344                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1319503                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         4511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         3234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           90                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1557485                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6207013                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6207013                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1341221                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         216256                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           23295                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       308173                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       154512                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1457                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         7438                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1314908                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          160                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1250462                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125541                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310126                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2415092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1963650     81.31%     81.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139288      5.77%     87.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111935      4.63%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48019      1.99%     93.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        59617      2.47%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56338      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32112      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2647      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1486      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2415092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3056     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23763     86.40%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          685      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       787721     62.99%     62.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10902      0.87%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298025     23.83%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       153740     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1250462                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.471839                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27504                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021995                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4944755                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1440659                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1237752                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1277966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2280                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15980                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1746                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        24230                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        247975                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2407                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1315068                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308173                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154512                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1541                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5745                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6969                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        12714                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1240423                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       296928                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             450622                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         162295                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           153694                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.468051                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1237865                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1237752                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          670195                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1326621                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.467043                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505190                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       995491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1169979                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145285                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        11168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2390862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1962474     82.08%     82.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       159192      6.66%     88.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73701      3.08%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        71914      3.01%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19273      0.81%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82206      3.44%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6377      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4541      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11184      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2390862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       995491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1169979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               444950                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              292193                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           154546                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1040395                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        11351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        11184                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3694942                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2654781                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 41952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                235095                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            995491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1169979                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       995491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.662191                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.662191                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.375630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.375630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6124270                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1442631                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1564289                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         181540                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163336                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11256                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        70060                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          63115                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9807                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          502                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1906495                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1135810                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            181540                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        72922                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              224122                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         36083                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       257618                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          111089                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11126                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2412803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.858706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2188681     90.71%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           7791      0.32%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          16777      0.70%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           6967      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          36124      1.50%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          32740      1.36%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6357      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          13398      0.56%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         103968      4.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2412803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068501                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.428577                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1889192                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       275317                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          223143                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          757                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        24386                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        16166                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1331239                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        24386                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1892185                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        234511                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        31052                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          221073                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         9588                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1329501                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         3829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         3081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1123                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1570489                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6253657                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6253657                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1353049                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         217428                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           22125                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       309622                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       155350                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1400                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         7490                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1324933                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1260543                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1224                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125483                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       309862                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2412803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.522439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.311810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1959416     81.21%     81.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       138661      5.75%     86.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112093      4.65%     91.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48755      2.02%     93.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60413      2.50%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56773      2.35%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32449      1.34%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2724      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1519      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2412803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3125     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23967     86.24%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          698      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       795267     63.09%     63.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11060      0.88%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       299595     23.77%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154546     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1260543                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.475643                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27790                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022046                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4962903                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1450626                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1247873                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1288333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2318                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16031                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1810                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        24386                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        228662                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2168                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1325094                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           28                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       309622                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       155350                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1423                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5793                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7042                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        12835                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1250604                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       298518                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9939                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             453018                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         163763                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           154500                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.471893                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1247981                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1247873                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          675904                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1337965                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.470862                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.505173                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1003119                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1179186                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       146057                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        11295                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2388417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1958056     81.98%     81.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       158801      6.65%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        74121      3.10%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72451      3.03%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19674      0.82%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82964      3.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6443      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4640      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11267      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2388417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1003119                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1179186                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               447124                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              293584                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           155870                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1048614                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        11503                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        11267                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3702393                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2674890                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 42407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                237384                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1003119                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1179186                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1003119                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.641947                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.641947                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.378509                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.378509                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6172085                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1455589                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1574738                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         204050                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167127                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82654                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78374                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20692                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1954574                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1143648                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            204050                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        99066                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              237703                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         59738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       115022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          121034                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21283                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2107648     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          11087      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          17368      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          23274      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          24299      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          20602      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          11121      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          17152      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         112800      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2345351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.076995                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431535                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1934405                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       135607                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          237071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        37886                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        33295                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1402053                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        37886                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1940156                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         20340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       102743                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          231686                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1400287                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1955843                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6512069                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6512069                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1662084                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         293759                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           39436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       131672                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        69915                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15603                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1396945                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1315343                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173690                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425019                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1790571     76.35%     76.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227033      9.68%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115299      4.92%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87869      3.75%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68687      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27714      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17784      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9069      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1325      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.07%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          851     36.24%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1106934     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19632      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118980      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69634      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1315343                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.496321                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001785                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4978645                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1570970                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1293722                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1317691                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2693                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23742                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1254                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        37886                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         17296                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1275                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1397273                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131672                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69915                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1081                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11758                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12603                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24361                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1295673                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111834                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             181454                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         183615                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            69620                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.488899                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1293788                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1293722                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          743894                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2005988                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.488163                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370837                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       968966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1192311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       204967                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21515                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2307465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1818655     78.82%     78.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242011     10.49%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91793      3.98%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43467      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36416      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21329      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19032      0.82%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8284      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26478      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2307465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       968966                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1192311                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               176591                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              107930                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           171969                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1074220                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        24551                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        26478                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3678265                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2832446                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 31265                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                304836                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            968966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1192311                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       968966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.735067                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.735067                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.365622                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.365622                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5829737                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1804136                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1298242                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         204179                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167240                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21452                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82706                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78426                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20704                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1955702                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1144328                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            204179                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        99130                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              237848                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         59786                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       118970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          121108                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21300                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2350603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2112755     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          11092      0.47%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          17379      0.74%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          23291      0.99%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          24317      1.03%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          20612      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          11130      0.47%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          17161      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         112866      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2350603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077043                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.431791                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1935526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       139563                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          237215                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        37917                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        33310                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1402892                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        37917                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1941280                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         23377                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       103659                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          231827                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12541                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1401126                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1957036                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6515950                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6515950                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1663015                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         294015                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           39450                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       131759                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        69943                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        15609                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1397784                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316115                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173846                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425355                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2350603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.559905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1795507     76.38%     76.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227159      9.66%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115365      4.91%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87914      3.74%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68729      2.92%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27733      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17794      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9077      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1325      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2350603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.07%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          851     36.24%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1107595     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19640      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119055      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69662      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316115                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.496612                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001784                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4985441                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1571965                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1294478                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1318463                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2697                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23765                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1254                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        37917                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         20332                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1275                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398112                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131759                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69943                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1081                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11765                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12614                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24379                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1296436                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111905                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19679                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             181553                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         183724                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            69648                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.489187                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1294544                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1294478                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          744328                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2007190                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.488448                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.370831                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       969506                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1192972                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205139                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        21532                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2312686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.515838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1823609     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242138     10.47%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91845      3.97%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43499      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36433      1.58%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21335      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19044      0.82%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8288      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26495      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2312686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       969506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1192972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               176679                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              107990                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           172072                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1074803                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        24561                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        26495                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3684302                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2834149                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 31284                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                299584                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            969506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1192972                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       969506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.733544                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.733544                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.365826                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.365826                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5833155                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1805224                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1298993                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         204291                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167336                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21467                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82744                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78459                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20718                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1956773                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1145084                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            204291                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        99177                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              237995                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         59840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       112040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          121177                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21312                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2344930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2106935     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          11098      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          17383      0.74%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          23306      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          24327      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          20623      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          11140      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          17169      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         112949      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2344930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077086                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432077                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1936567                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       132665                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          237359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        37955                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        33325                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1403809                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        37955                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1942326                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         21956                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        98171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          231968                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        12552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1402043                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1958341                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6520232                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6520232                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1663944                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         294397                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           39484                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       131846                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        69988                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15630                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1398697                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316903                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          262                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       426004                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2344930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1789529     76.31%     76.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227256      9.69%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115429      4.92%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87983      3.75%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68774      2.93%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27748      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17797      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9090      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1324      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2344930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.08%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.22%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1108237     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19664      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119134      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69705      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316903                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.496909                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4981345                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1573112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1295247                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1319250                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23794                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        37955                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         18897                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1281                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1399025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131846                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69988                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1086                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12621                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24393                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1297202                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111971                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             181662                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         183811                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            69691                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.489476                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1295311                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1295247                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          744795                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2008367                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.488738                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       970046                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205386                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        21546                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2306975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1817650     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242254     10.50%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91883      3.98%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43525      1.89%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36442      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21354      0.93%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19065      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8295      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26507      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2306975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       970046                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1193644                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               176782                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              108052                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           172152                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1075425                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        24577                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        26507                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3679498                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2836019                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 31305                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                305257                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            970046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1193644                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       970046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.732022                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.732022                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.366029                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.366029                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5836650                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1806309                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1299847                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2649903                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         193716                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20883                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79431                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73649                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19577                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          927                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1856404                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1105721                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            193716                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        93226                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              241940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         59828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       188268                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          116073                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20657                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2325201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2083261     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          25718      1.11%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          30281      1.30%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          16378      0.70%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          18222      0.78%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          10856      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7235      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          18869      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         114381      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2325201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073103                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.417268                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1840284                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       205003                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          239614                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2111                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        38186                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        31255                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1348414                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2089                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        38186                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1843784                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         17276                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       178647                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          238234                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         9071                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1346602                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2025                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1874125                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6267151                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6267151                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1569744                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         304324                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           25642                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       128967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        69299                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1750                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        14774                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1342810                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          355                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1260618                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184174                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428965                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2325201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1793558     77.14%     77.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214064      9.21%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114737      4.93%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80165      3.45%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69306      2.98%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34806      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8798      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5593      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4174      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2325201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           332     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1172     42.91%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1227     44.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056001     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19512      1.55%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116358      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68595      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1260618                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.475722                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2731                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4850831                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1527383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1237502                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1263349                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3277                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24813                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1928                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           76                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           43                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        38186                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         12858                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1343172                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69299                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          792                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12133                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        23583                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1240098                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109139                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             177691                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         172909                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            68552                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.467979                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1237604                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1237502                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          736820                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1929954                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.466999                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381781                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       921752                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1131083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       212023                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        20810                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2287015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1824232     79.76%     79.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215022      9.40%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90085      3.94%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53963      2.36%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37024      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24091      1.05%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12687      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9959      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19952      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2287015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       921752                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1131083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               171482                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              104137                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           161939                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1019675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23020                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        19952                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3610156                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2724485                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 30595                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                324702                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            921752                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1131083                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       921752                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.874855                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.874855                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.347844                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.347844                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5592811                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1720700                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1257513                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         232563                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193775                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22758                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88063                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82707                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24487                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2009135                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1275218                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            232563                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       107194                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              264607                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         64397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       152081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          108                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          126377                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21669                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.635413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.005878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2203528     89.28%     89.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          15896      0.64%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          20127      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          32144      1.30%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13493      0.55%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          17425      0.71%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          20050      0.81%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9471      0.38%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         136001      5.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2468135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.087753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.481180                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1998116                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       165426                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          263208                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        41209                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        35072                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1557411                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        41209                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2000740                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          6121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       153065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          260738                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6261                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1546548                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2160211                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7186945                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7186945                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1772524                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         387678                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           23483                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       146206                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        74809                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          884                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16604                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1507842                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1435129                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203646                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430298                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1861849     75.44%     75.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       275218     11.15%     86.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112948      4.58%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63927      2.59%     93.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85852      3.48%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27190      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26325      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13682      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1144      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10038     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1403     11.02%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1292     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1209203     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19470      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          176      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131840      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74440      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1435129                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541520                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12733                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5352946                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1711886                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1395482                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1447862                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1097                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30892                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1522                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        41209                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1508221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146206                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74809                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          506                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12695                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13395                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        26090                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1408473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129189                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             203596                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         198659                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            74407                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531462                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1395522                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1395482                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          836309                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2246406                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.526560                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372288                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1031314                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1270936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237286                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          358                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22736                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2426926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1888703     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       273085     11.25%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98861      4.07%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49295      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44957      1.85%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19053      0.79%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18834      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8957      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25181      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2426926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1031314                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1270936                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               188596                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              115311                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           184243                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1144257                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        26262                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        25181                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3909954                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3057668                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32247                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                182052                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1031314                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1270936                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1031314                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.569719                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.569719                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.389148                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.389148                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6335500                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1951808                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1438950                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         186318                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166434                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16330                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123695                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         120318                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          502                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1965929                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1062274                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            186318                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       130970                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              235347                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         53917                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        62996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          120260                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15835                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2301777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.515958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2066430     89.78%     89.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          36102      1.57%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17645      0.77%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          35440      1.54%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          10412      0.45%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          33107      1.44%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           4959      0.22%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           8484      0.37%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          89198      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2301777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070304                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.400830                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1952712                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        76928                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          234733                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          247                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37151                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        17075                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          354                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1183180                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1560                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37151                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1954580                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         47567                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        24184                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          232916                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         5373                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1180614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         3875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1542980                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5344705                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5344705                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1220513                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         322453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           75                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           14563                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       217810                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        33173                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          275                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         7068                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1172867                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1087112                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          948                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       232312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       494306                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2301777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1828503     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       144097      6.26%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161503      7.02%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92615      4.02%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48207      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12699      0.55%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13513      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          357      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          283      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2301777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1821     57.39%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          736     23.20%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          616     19.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       849408     78.13%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8148      0.75%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196770     18.10%     96.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32712      3.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1087112                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.410202                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3173                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002919                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4480122                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1405336                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1057040                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1090285                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          904                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47925                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1318                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37151                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         42343                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          696                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1173016                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           43                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217810                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33173                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           75                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          400                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9997                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7159                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        17156                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1072432                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193761                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             226465                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         162871                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            32704                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.404663                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1057520                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1057040                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          640543                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1379997                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.398855                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.464163                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       837466                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       938426                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234651                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16052                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2264626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.280984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1917142     84.66%     84.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       134992      5.96%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87891      3.88%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27594      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47137      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8727      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5686      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5085      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30372      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2264626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       837466                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       938426                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               201737                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              169882                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           144325                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          818931                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        11364                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        30372                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3407331                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2383328                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 45668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                348410                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            837466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              938426                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       837466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.164531                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.164531                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.316003                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.316003                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        4989661                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1374046                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1260886                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         178355                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160635                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11005                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68164                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          61920                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9579                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          508                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1875737                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1117190                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            178355                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        71499                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              220252                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         35150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       284683                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          109213                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10854                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2404572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.545667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2184320     90.84%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           7560      0.31%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          16230      0.67%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           6792      0.28%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          35685      1.48%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          32453      1.35%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           6260      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          13041      0.54%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         102231      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2404572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067299                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.421551                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1858609                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       302205                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          219260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        23718                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        15745                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1309232                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        23718                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1861503                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        262262                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        31174                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          217286                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8621                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1307423                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         4093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         2962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           98                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1541326                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6150836                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6150836                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1329131                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         212183                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          157                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           84                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           21702                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       306709                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       153758                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1412                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         7301                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1302955                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          156                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1240230                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1266                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       122930                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       302549                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2404572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.515780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1958969     81.47%     81.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       136376      5.67%     87.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109622      4.56%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47752      1.99%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        59593      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56185      2.34%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31940      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2663      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1472      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2404572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2996     10.91%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23780     86.62%     97.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          677      2.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       779478     62.85%     62.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10762      0.87%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           73      0.01%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       296914     23.94%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       153003     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1240230                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.467978                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27453                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022135                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4913751                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1426088                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1227584                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1267683                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2253                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15701                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1692                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        23718                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        256260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1303111                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       306709                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       153758                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1416                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5656                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6898                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        12554                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1230307                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       295754                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9923                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             448721                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         160976                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           152967                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.464234                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1227703                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1227584                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          664088                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1310727                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.463207                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506656                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       987995                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1160942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       142316                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          144                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        11032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2380854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1957038     82.20%     82.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156618      6.58%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        72512      3.05%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        71565      3.01%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19143      0.80%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82239      3.45%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6297      0.26%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4480      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10962      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2380854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       987995                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1160942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               443067                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              291001                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                72                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           153308                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1032260                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        11197                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        10962                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3673150                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2630254                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 41745                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                245615                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            987995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1160942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       987995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.682389                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.682389                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.372802                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.372802                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6077465                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1429044                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1552145                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         204129                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167197                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21445                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82688                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78408                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20698                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1955264                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1144043                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            204129                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        99106                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              237790                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         59765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       116593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          121079                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21294                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2347716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2109926     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          11091      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17377      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          23286      0.99%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          24309      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          20606      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          11126      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          17157      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         112838      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2347716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077024                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.431684                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1935091                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       137182                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          237158                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        37903                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        33304                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1402540                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        37903                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1940843                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         23416                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       101246                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          231772                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12534                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1400774                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1956532                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6514307                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6514307                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1662642                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         293875                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           39438                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       131721                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        69929                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15603                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1397432                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1315800                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173766                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425170                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2347716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1792740     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227117      9.67%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115340      4.91%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87895      3.74%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68712      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27724      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17791      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9072      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1325      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2347716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.08%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.22%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1107337     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19632      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119020      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69648      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1315800                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.496493                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001784                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4981922                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1571533                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1294171                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1318147                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2693                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23754                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1254                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        37903                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         20368                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1279                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1397760                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131721                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69929                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11764                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12608                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24372                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1296128                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111874                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19671                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             181508                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         183684                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            69634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.489070                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1294237                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1294171                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          744147                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2006700                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.488332                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.370831                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       969293                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1192705                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205051                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        21525                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516364                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1820838     78.83%     78.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242093     10.48%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91824      3.98%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43487      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36429      1.58%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21330      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19036      0.82%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8287      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26489      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       969293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1192705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               176639                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              107964                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           172034                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1074562                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        24555                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        26489                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3681080                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2833428                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 31275                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                302471                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            969293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1192705                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       969293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.734144                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.734144                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.365745                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.365745                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5831746                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1804785                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1298670                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         204250                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167299                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21459                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82738                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78448                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20714                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1956342                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1144809                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            204250                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        99162                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              237943                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         59816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       116621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          121149                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21304                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2349012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2111069     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          11097      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          17382      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          23300      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          24325      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          20620      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          11135      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          17164      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         112920      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2349012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077070                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.431973                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1936140                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       137240                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          237308                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37939                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        33321                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1403480                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37939                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1941898                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         23421                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       101287                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          231919                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12546                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1401708                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1957857                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6518675                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6518675                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1663604                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         294248                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           39479                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       131815                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        69974                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          796                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        15624                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1398357                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316627                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          262                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173986                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425688                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2349012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1793716     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227216      9.67%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115412      4.91%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87964      3.74%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68760      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27740      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17796      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9085      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1323      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2349012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.08%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.22%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1108006     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19656      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119111      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69691      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316627                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.496805                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001783                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4984875                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1572678                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1294975                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1318974                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2700                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23782                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37939                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         20364                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1285                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398685                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131815                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69974                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1089                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11768                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12617                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        24385                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1296933                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19694                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             181629                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         183779                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            69677                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.489374                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1295039                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1294975                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          744645                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2007987                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.488635                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       969851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193398                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205287                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21538                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2311073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1821838     78.83%     78.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242210     10.48%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91871      3.98%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43520      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36435      1.58%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21349      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19053      0.82%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8293      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26504      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2311073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       969851                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1193398                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               176746                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              108030                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           172122                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1075197                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        24571                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        26504                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3683254                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2835318                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 31298                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                301175                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            969851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1193398                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       969851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.732571                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.732571                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.365956                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.365956                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5835431                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1805916                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1299542                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2647736                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         149996                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122243                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16195                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        61228                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56601                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14805                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          713                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1447437                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts               886477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            149996                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        71406                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              181772                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         51033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       172422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines           90793                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16153                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      1835885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1654113     90.10%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           9593      0.52%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          15100      0.82%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          22637      1.23%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4           9580      0.52%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11303      0.62%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11827      0.64%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           8441      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          93291      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      1835885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.056651                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.334806                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1428578                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       191908                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          180232                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1195                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        33969                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        24385                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1075155                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        33969                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1432252                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         54493                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       125774                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          177867                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        11527                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1072437                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          763                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1466652                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      4998285                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      4998285                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1198262                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         268181                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           33282                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       109550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        60070                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3030                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        11461                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1068185                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          240                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued          992749                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1770                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399807                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1835885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1412508     76.94%     76.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172107      9.37%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        94552      5.15%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62554      3.41%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56795      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17679      0.96%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12403      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4413      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2874      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1835885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           288     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1034     41.95%     53.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1143     46.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       816963     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18250      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          109      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98755      9.95%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58672      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total       992749                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.374943                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2465                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002483                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3825618                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1239491                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       973876                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses       995214                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4595                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24590                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4480                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        33969                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         44795                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1338                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1068425                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60070                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          132                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          656                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8504                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10192                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        18696                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts       977796                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93315                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14953                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             151870                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         132427                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            58555                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.369295                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent               973981                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count              973876                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          576894                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1463922                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.367815                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394074                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       717928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       875626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193385                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16446                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1801916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.485942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1446525     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169580      9.41%     89.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70083      3.89%     93.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35956      2.00%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26818      1.49%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15279      0.85%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9602      0.53%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7851      0.44%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20222      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1801916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       717928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       875626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               140524                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads               84944                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           121555                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          791739                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        17092                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        20222                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            2850705                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2172195                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 26350                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                811851                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            717928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              875626                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       717928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.688024                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.688024                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.271148                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.271148                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        4437699                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1331124                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1017799                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2648966                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         194221                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159173                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20895                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79861                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74118                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19574                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          937                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1861933                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1108401                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            194221                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        93692                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              242463                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         59858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       186716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          116334                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20655                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2329714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920488                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2087251     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          25696      1.10%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          30336      1.30%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          16413      0.70%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          18303      0.79%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          11018      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           7219      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          18899      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         114579      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2329714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073320                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.418428                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1845740                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       203526                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          240183                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2064                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        38198                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        31391                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1351395                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        38198                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1849173                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         17856                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       176627                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          238825                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         9032                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1349572                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1877802                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6280128                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6280128                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1573427                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         304264                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          358                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           25322                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       129307                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        69550                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1735                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        14782                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1345747                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1263680                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1681                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184378                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428389                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2329714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1796457     77.11%     77.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214965      9.23%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115083      4.94%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80260      3.45%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69479      2.98%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34934      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8729      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5647      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4160      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2329714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           341     12.43%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1164     42.44%     54.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1238     45.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1058338     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19576      1.55%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116802      9.24%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68811      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1263680                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.477047                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2743                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4861498                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1530527                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1240651                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1266423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3256                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1988                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           43                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        38198                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         13592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1346113                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129307                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69550                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          794                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11454                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12156                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        23610                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1243410                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109685                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20270                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             178457                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         173370                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            68772                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.469394                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1240749                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1240651                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          738609                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1932391                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.468353                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382225                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       924087                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1133761                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       212293                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          313                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        20827                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2291516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1827498     79.75%     79.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215729      9.41%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90265      3.94%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54045      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37190      1.62%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24134      1.05%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12663      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9977      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20015      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2291516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       924087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1133761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               171949                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              104391                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           162247                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1022125                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        23057                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        20015                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3617542                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2730392                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 30674                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                319252                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            924087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1133761                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       924087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.866576                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.866576                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.348848                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.348848                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5607739                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1724524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1260768                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          312                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          340                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         112041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        46.918342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.133603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   173.548625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1855.317773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.084741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.905917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 340                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     309804166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      309804166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     309804166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.466392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834601.690184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.488235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834601.690184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.488235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834601.690184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.488235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          338                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         112047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        46.960184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.135255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   172.998938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1855.865808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.084472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.906184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          395                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   395                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          324                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 338                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12673601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    297919122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     310592723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12673601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    297919122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      310592723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12673601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    297919122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     310592723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.450626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.461119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.450626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.450626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 905257.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 919503.462963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 918913.381657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 905257.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 919503.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 918913.381657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 905257.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 919503.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 918913.381657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11444401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    269466878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    280911279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11444401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    269466878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    280911279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11444401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    269466878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    280911279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.450626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.450626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.450626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 817457.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 831687.895062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831098.458580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 817457.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 831687.895062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831098.458580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 817457.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 831687.895062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831098.458580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          197                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2046.787367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         132720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        59.118040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.180786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.578387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    84.642789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1863.385405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.009071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.041329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.909856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            212                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 212                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          383                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   384                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 197                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46075394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    171669881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     217745275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46075394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    171669881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      217745275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46075394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    171669881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     217745275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          212                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             212                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.312839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.340830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.339071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.339071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1919808.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 992311.450867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1105305.964467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1919808.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 992311.450867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1105305.964467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1919808.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 992311.450867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1105305.964467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                117                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     117                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43968194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    156568281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200536475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43968194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    156568281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200536475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43968194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    156568281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200536475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.312839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832008.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 905018.965318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017951.649746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832008.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 905018.965318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017951.649746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832008.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 905018.965318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017951.649746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          342                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         112036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        46.876987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.132073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   173.425696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1855.442231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.084681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.905978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            116                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 116                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          386                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   386                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 342                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9501106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    310591924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     320093030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9501106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    310591924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      320093030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9501106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    310591924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     320093030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          116                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             116                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.469780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.469780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.469780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 678650.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 946926.597561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935944.532164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 678650.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 946926.597561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935944.532164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 678650.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 946926.597561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935944.532164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 73                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      73                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8271906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    281783074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    290054980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8271906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    281783074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    290054980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8271906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    281783074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    290054980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 590850.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859094.737805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848113.976608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 590850.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859094.737805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848113.976608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 590850.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859094.737805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848113.976608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          337                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         112048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        46.980294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.137215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   172.906364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1855.956421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.084427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.906229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          395                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   395                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 337                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12361675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    291491506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     303853181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12361675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    291491506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      303853181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12361675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    291491506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     303853181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 882976.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 902450.482972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 901641.486647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 882976.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 902450.482972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 901641.486647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 882976.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 902450.482972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 901641.486647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11132475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    263126870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274259345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11132475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    263126870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    274259345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11132475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    263126870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    274259345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 795176.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 814634.272446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 813825.949555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 795176.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 814634.272446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 813825.949555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 795176.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 814634.272446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 813825.949555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.088792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         115814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        53.052680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.088792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.626500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    60.601533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1944.771968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.029591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.949596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12573311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98156430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     110729741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12573311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98156430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      110729741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12573311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98156430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     110729741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 898093.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811210.165289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820220.303704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 898093.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811210.165289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820220.303704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 898093.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811210.165289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820220.303704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11344111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87532630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98876741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11344111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87532630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98876741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11344111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87532630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98876741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 810293.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723410.165289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732420.303704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 810293.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723410.165289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732420.303704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 810293.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723410.165289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732420.303704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.080535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         115814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        53.052680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.080535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.622752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    60.418511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1944.958737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.029501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.949687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12133315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     99757862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     111891177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12133315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     99757862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      111891177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12133315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     99757862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     111891177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 866665.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 824445.140496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828823.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 866665.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 824445.140496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828823.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 866665.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 824445.140496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828823.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10904115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     89131319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100035434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10904115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     89131319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100035434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10904115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     89131319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100035434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 778865.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 736622.471074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741003.214815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 778865.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 736622.471074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741003.214815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 778865.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 736622.471074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741003.214815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.086167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         115815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        53.053138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.086167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.619931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    60.507240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1944.872829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.029545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.949645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16943501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     99946056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     116889557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16943501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     99946056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      116889557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16943501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     99946056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     116889557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.328467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1210250.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 826000.462810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865848.570370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1210250.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 826000.462810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 865848.570370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1210250.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 826000.462810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 865848.570370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15713317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89317663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105030980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15713317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89317663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105030980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15713317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89317663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105030980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1122379.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 738162.504132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778007.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1122379.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 738162.504132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778007.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1122379.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 738162.504132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778007.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          194                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2046.793231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         132709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        59.192239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.202913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.550835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    84.352889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1863.686594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.041188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.910003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          374                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   375                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 194                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51347701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166191943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     217539644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51347701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166191943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      217539644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51347701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166191943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     217539644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.314233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.342756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.340949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.340949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2139487.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 977599.664706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1121338.371134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2139487.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 977599.664706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1121338.371134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2139487.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 977599.664706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1121338.371134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                115                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     115                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49240501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    151351096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200591597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49240501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    151351096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200591597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49240501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    151351096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200591597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.314233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2051687.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 890300.564706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1033977.304124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2051687.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 890300.564706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1033977.304124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2051687.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 890300.564706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1033977.304124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.077056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.077056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.226221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    32.238574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1951.535205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.015741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.952898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104507967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64029631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     168537598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104507967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64029631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      168537598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104507967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64029631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     168537598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3732427.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 901825.788732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1702399.979798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3732427.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 901825.788732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1702399.979798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3732427.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 901825.788732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1702399.979798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102040370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57760639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159801009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102040370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57760639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159801009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102040370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57760639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159801009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3644298.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 813530.126761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1614151.606061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3644298.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 813530.126761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1614151.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3644298.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 813530.126761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1614151.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          169                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          47127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        21.257104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.065611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    85.209308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1916.725081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.005891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.041606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.935901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 169                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9842159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123702451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     133544610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9842159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123702451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      133544610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9842159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123702451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     133544610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.379775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.379775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.379775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 757089.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 792964.429487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 790204.792899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 757089.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 792964.429487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 790204.792899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 757089.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 792964.429487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 790204.792899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8700759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110005651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118706410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8700759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110005651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118706410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8700759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110005651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118706410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 669289.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 705164.429487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702404.792899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 669289.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 705164.429487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702404.792899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 669289.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 705164.429487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702404.792899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          339                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         112033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        46.934646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.127180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   171.567033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1857.305787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.083773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.906888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            116                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 116                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          383                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   383                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          325                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 339                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14622924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    314008631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     328631555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14622924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    314008631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      328631555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14622924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    314008631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     328631555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          116                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             116                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.469529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.469529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.469529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1044494.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 966180.403077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969414.616519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1044494.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 966180.403077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 969414.616519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1044494.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 966180.403077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 969414.616519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 72                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      72                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13393629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    285464202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    298857831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13393629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    285464202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    298857831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13393629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    285464202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    298857831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 956687.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 878351.390769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881586.522124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 956687.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 878351.390769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881586.522124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 956687.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 878351.390769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881586.522124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.083133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         115814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        53.052680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.083133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.626425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    60.534892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1944.838683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.029558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.949628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11633244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     98978483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     110611727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11633244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     98978483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      110611727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11633244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     98978483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     110611727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       830946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 818003.991736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819346.125926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       830946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 818003.991736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819346.125926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       830946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 818003.991736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819346.125926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10404044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     88354163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98758207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10404044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     88354163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98758207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10404044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     88354163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98758207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       743146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 730199.694215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731542.274074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       743146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 730199.694215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731542.274074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       743146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 730199.694215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731542.274074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.088820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         115815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        53.053138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.088820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.618566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    60.637490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1944.743944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.029608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.949582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18232993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    101354950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     119587943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18232993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    101354950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      119587943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18232993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    101354950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     119587943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.328467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1302356.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 837644.214876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885836.614815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1302356.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 837644.214876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885836.614815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1302356.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 837644.214876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885836.614815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     17003793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90729518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107733311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     17003793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90729518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107733311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     17003793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90729518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107733311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1214556.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 749830.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798024.525926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1214556.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 749830.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798024.525926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1214556.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 749830.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798024.525926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          511                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2043.330652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          86011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        33.676977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks         121.522551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.193959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   221.364461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1688.249680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.059337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.005954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.108088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.824341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.997720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            364                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 364                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          316                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   316                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 505                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12418997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    447476142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     459895139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36255209                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     36255209                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12418997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    483731351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      496150348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12418997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    483731351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     496150348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          364                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             364                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.589610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.596424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.615104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.615104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 955307.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 985630.268722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 984786.164882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 954084.447368                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954084.447368                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 955307.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 983193.802846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 982475.936634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 955307.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 983193.802846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 982475.936634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                274                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     274                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11277548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    407693986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    418971534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32917962                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32917962                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11277548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    440611948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451889496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11277548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    440611948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451889496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.589610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 867503.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 898004.374449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 897155.319058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 866262.157895                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866262.157895                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 867503.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 895552.739837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894830.685149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 867503.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 895552.739837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894830.685149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          197                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2046.787596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         132720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        59.118040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.180269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.578915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    84.669264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1863.359148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.041342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.909843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            212                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 212                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          383                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   384                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 197                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46464017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    170294493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     216758510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46464017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    170294493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      216758510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46464017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    170294493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     216758510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          212                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             212                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.312839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.340830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.311151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.339071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.311151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.339071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1936000.708333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 984361.231214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1100297.005076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1936000.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 984361.231214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1100297.005076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1936000.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 984361.231214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1100297.005076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                117                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     117                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44356817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    155187287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199544104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44356817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    155187287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    199544104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44356817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    155187287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    199544104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.312839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.311151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.311151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1848200.708333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 897036.341040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1012914.233503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1848200.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 897036.341040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1012914.233503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1848200.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 897036.341040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1012914.233503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.132490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.991023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.132490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.021046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             289630.529351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.466915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.533085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.392449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.607551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              556.134143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750118894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1346712.556553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.134143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.021048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       111062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       111062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         111062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       111062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        111062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15320963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15320963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15320963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15320963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15320963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15320963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       111079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       111079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       111079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       111079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       111079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 901233.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 901233.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 901233.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 901233.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 901233.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 901233.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12790712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12790712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12790712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12790712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12790712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12790712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 913622.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913622.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 913622.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913622.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 913622.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913622.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              281232291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             288443.375385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   100.525890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   155.474110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.392679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.607321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       281261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        281261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       153270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       153270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       434531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         434531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       434531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        434531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1297146059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1297146059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1297146059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1297146059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1297146059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1297146059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       283959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       153270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       153270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       437229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       437229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       437229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       437229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 480780.600074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 480780.600074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 480780.600074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 480780.600074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 480780.600074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 480780.600074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1979                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1979                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    327486023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    327486023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    327486023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    327486023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    327486023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    327486023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 455474.301808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455474.301808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 455474.301808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455474.301808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 455474.301808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455474.301808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              501.077571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              732331444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1444440.717949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.077571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.030573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         116295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        116295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79867252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79867252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79867252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79867252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79867252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79867252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       116334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       116334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2047878.256410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2047878.256410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2047878.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2047878.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2047878.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2047878.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46353441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46353441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46353441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46353441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46353441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46353441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1854137.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1854137.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1854137.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1854137.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1854137.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1854137.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  555                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              115433656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             142334.964242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   161.129709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    94.870291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.629413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.370587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        80109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        67157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         147266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        147266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    752037353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    752037353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34079857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34079857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    786117210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    786117210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    786117210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    786117210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        81937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        67220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       149157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       149157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 411398.989606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 411398.989606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 540950.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 540950.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 415715.076679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 415715.076679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 415715.076679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 415715.076679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       511191                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       511191                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198099428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198099428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198291728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    198291728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198291728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    198291728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 358226.813743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 358226.813743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 356639.798561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356639.798561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 356639.798561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356639.798561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              556.130961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750118008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1346710.965889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.130961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         110176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        110176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11526148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11526148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11526148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11526148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11526148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11526148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       110193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       110193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 678008.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 678008.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 678008.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 678008.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 678008.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 678008.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9618449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9618449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9618449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9618449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9618449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9618449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 687032.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 687032.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 687032.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 687032.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 687032.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 687032.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              281230468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             289928.317526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   100.451528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   155.548472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.392389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.607611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       280100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       152608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       432708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         432708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       432708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        432708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1360353670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1360353670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1360353670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1360353670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1360353670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1360353670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       282773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       282773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       152608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       435381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       435381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 508923.931912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 508923.931912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 508923.931912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 508923.931912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 508923.931912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 508923.931912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1959                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1959                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    339531545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    339531545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    339531545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    339531545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    339531545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    339531545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475534.376751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475534.376751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475534.376751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475534.376751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475534.376751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475534.376751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              556.136103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750118904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1346712.574506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.136103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.021051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         111072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        111072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15024823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15024823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15024823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15024823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15024823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15024823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       111089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       111089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 883813.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883813.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 883813.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883813.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 883813.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883813.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12478694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12478694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12478694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12478694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12478694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12478694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 891335.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 891335.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 891335.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 891335.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 891335.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 891335.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  718                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              281232618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  974                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             288739.854209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   100.529947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   155.470053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.392695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.607305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       281468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        281468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       153390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       153390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       434858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         434858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       434858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        434858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1292067218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1292067218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1292067218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1292067218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1292067218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1292067218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       284166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       284166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       153390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       153390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       437556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       437556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       437556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       437556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 478898.153447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 478898.153447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 478898.153447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 478898.153447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 478898.153447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 478898.153447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    321025589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    321025589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    321025589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    321025589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    321025589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    321025589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 447110.848189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447110.848189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 447110.848189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447110.848189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 447110.848189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447110.848189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              488.625387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              731814682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1496553.541922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.625387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.021836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         121016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        121016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17011417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17011417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17011417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17011417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17011417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17011417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       121034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       121034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 945078.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945078.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 945078.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945078.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 945078.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945078.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12689511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12689511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12689511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12689511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12689511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12689511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 906393.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906393.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 906393.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906393.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 906393.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906393.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              110541704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             169542.490798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   144.785607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   111.214393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.565569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.434431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        81882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        68352                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68352                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       150234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         150234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       150234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        150234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    446577391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    446577391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    446577391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    446577391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    446577391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    446577391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        83191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        68352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       151543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       151543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341159.198625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341159.198625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341159.198625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 341159.198625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341159.198625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 341159.198625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    116946130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116946130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    116946130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116946130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    116946130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116946130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 295318.510101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295318.510101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 295318.510101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295318.510101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 295318.510101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295318.510101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              488.621637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              731814755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1496553.691207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.621637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.021830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       121089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       121089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         121089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       121089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        121089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15026192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15026192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15026192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15026192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15026192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15026192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       121108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       121108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       121108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       121108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       121108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 790852.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 790852.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 790852.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 790852.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 790852.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 790852.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12251715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12251715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12251715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12251715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12251715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12251715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 875122.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875122.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 875122.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875122.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 875122.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875122.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              110541778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             169542.604294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   144.520383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   111.479617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.564533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.435467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        81928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        68380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       150308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         150308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       150308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        150308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    450623837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    450623837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    450623837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    450623837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    450623837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    450623837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        83237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        68380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       151617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       151617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 344250.448434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 344250.448434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 344250.448434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 344250.448434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 344250.448434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 344250.448434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    118553430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118553430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    118553430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118553430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    118553430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118553430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 299377.348485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299377.348485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 299377.348485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299377.348485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 299377.348485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299377.348485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              488.618818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              731814827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1496553.838446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.618818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.021825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         121161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        121161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19034029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19034029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19034029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19034029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19034029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19034029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       121177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       121177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1189626.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1189626.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1189626.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1189626.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1189626.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1189626.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17059701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17059701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17059701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17059701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17059701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17059701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1218550.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1218550.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1218550.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1218550.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1218550.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1218550.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              110541865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             169283.101072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   144.666124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   111.333876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.565102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.434898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        81974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        68421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       150395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         150395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       150395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        150395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    460883698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    460883698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    460883698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    460883698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    460883698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    460883698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        83287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        68421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       151708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       151708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 351015.763899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 351015.763899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 351015.763899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 351015.763899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 351015.763899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 351015.763899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    118806208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118806208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    118806208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118806208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    118806208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118806208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299259.969773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299259.969773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299259.969773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299259.969773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299259.969773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299259.969773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              501.047488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              732331183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1444440.203156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.047488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.030525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         116034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        116034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87858490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87858490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87858490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87858490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87858490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87858490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       116073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       116073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2252781.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2252781.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2252781.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2252781.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2252781.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2252781.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51617900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51617900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51617900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51617900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51617900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51617900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2064716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2064716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2064716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2064716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2064716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2064716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  543                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              115432946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             144471.772215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   161.031227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    94.968773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.629028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.370972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        79612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        66949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       146561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         146561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       146561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        146561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    737105585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    737105585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     33887093                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33887093                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    770992678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    770992678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    770992678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    770992678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        81405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        67012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       148417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       148417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 411101.832125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 411101.832125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 537890.365079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 537890.365079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 415405.537716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 415405.537716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 415405.537716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 415405.537716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       511161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       511161                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    192001528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192001528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    192193828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192193828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    192193828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192193828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 354901.160813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354901.160813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 353297.477941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 353297.477941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 353297.477941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 353297.477941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              477.428258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              735287176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1516056.032990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.428258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.035943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         126335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        126335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    153446324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153446324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    153446324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    153446324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    153446324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    153446324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       126375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       126375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3836158.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3836158.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3836158.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3836158.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3836158.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3836158.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2255601                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 375933.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104869826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104869826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104869826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104869826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104869826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104869826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3495660.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3495660.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3495660.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3495660.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3495660.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3495660.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              106638162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             173677.788274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   131.671233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   124.328767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.514341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.485659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        99160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        72914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       172074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         172074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       172074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        172074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    194724349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194724349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       542751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    195267100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195267100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    195267100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195267100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       100084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       173005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       173005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 210740.637446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210740.637446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 77535.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77535.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 209739.097744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209739.097744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 209739.097744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209739.097744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83062587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83062587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       133396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83195983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83195983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83195983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83195983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 233321.873596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233321.873596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        66698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 232391.013966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232391.013966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 232391.013966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232391.013966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              538.064578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              627186788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1163611.851577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.064578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         120247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        120247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10087259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10087259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10087259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10087259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10087259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10087259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       120260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       120260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       775943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       775943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       775943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       775943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       775943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       775943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9950759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9950759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9950759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9950759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9950759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9950759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       765443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       765443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       765443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       765443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       765443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       765443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  432                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              147690077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             214665.809593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   138.489020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   117.510980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.540973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.459027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       177972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       209679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         209679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       209679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        209679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    623841279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    623841279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    623841279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    623841279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    623841279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    623841279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       179460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        31707                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31707                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       211167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       211167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       211167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       211167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.007047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.007047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 419248.171371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419248.171371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 419248.171371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419248.171371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 419248.171371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419248.171371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    143092279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143092279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    143092279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143092279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    143092279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143092279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 331232.127315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331232.127315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 331232.127315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331232.127315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 331232.127315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331232.127315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              556.126068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              750117028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1346709.206463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.126068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       109196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        109196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       109196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         109196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       109196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        109196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17942217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17942217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17942217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17942217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17942217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17942217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       109213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       109213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       109213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       109213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       109213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       109213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1055424.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1055424.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1055424.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1055424.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1055424.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1055424.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14739970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14739970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14739970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14739970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14739970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14739970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1052855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1052855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1052855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1052855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1052855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1052855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              281228815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             291731.135892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   100.392095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   155.607905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.392157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.607843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       279139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        279139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       151920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       151920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           76                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           76                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           72                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           72                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       431059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         431059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       431059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        431059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1405416312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1405416312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1405416312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1405416312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1405416312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1405416312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       281787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       281787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       151920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       151920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           76                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           72                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       433707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       433707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       433707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       433707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530746.341390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 530746.341390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530746.341390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 530746.341390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530746.341390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 530746.341390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    342753706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342753706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    342753706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    342753706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    342753706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    342753706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 484115.403955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 484115.403955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 484115.403955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 484115.403955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 484115.403955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 484115.403955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              488.625313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              731814725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1496553.629857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.625313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.021835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       121059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       121059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         121059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       121059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        121059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15076084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15076084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15076084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15076084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15076084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15076084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       121079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       121079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       121079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       121079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       121079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 753804.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 753804.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 753804.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 753804.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 753804.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 753804.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11749444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11749444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11749444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11749444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11749444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11749444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       839246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       839246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       839246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       839246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       839246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       839246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              110541743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             169542.550613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   144.597161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   111.402839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.564833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.435167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        81907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        68366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       150273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         150273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       150273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        150273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    462717639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    462717639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    462717639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    462717639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    462717639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    462717639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        83216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        68366                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68366                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       151582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       151582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 353489.411001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 353489.411001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 353489.411001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 353489.411001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 353489.411001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 353489.411001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    117766251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117766251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    117766251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117766251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    117766251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117766251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 297389.522727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297389.522727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 297389.522727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297389.522727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 297389.522727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297389.522727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              488.617453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              731814799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1496553.781186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.617453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       121133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       121133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         121133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       121133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        121133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     19904163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19904163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     19904163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19904163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     19904163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19904163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       121149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       121149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       121149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       121149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       121149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1244010.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1244010.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1244010.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1244010.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1244010.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1244010.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18349193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18349193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18349193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18349193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18349193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18349193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1310656.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1310656.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1310656.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1310656.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1310656.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1310656.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              110541839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             169283.061256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   144.813850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   111.186150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.565679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.434321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        81962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        68407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       150369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         150369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       150369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        150369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    447196274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    447196274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    447196274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    447196274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    447196274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    447196274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        83275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        68407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       151682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       151682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340591.221630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340591.221630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340591.221630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340591.221630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340591.221630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340591.221630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120208032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120208032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120208032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120208032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120208032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120208032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 302791.012594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 302791.012594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 302791.012594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 302791.012594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 302791.012594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 302791.012594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.569349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              735381760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1464903.904382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.569349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        90773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        90773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total          90773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        90773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total         90773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     18072305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18072305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     18072305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18072305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     18072305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18072305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        90793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        90793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total        90793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        90793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total        90793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 903615.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 903615.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 903615.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 903615.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 903615.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 903615.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12526897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12526897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12526897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12526897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12526897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12526897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 963607.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963607.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 963607.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963607.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 963607.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963607.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  806                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              122563532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             115408.222222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   181.418711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    74.581289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.708667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.291333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        68556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        54968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       123524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         123524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       123524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        123524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1256957247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1256957247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    308825610                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    308825610                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1565782857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1565782857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1565782857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1565782857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       125802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       125802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.027754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.018108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.018108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 642287.811446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 642287.811446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 962073.551402                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962073.551402                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 687349.805531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687349.805531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 687349.805531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687349.805531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    471261835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471261835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36570609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36570609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    507832444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507832444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    507832444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507832444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 612028.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 612028.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 962384.447368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 962384.447368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 628505.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 628505.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 628505.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 628505.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              501.078214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              732331444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1444440.717949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.078214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.030574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       116295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       116295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         116295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       116295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        116295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79065376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79065376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79065376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79065376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79065376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79065376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       116334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       116334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       116334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       116334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       116334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2027317.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2027317.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2027317.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2027317.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2027317.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2027317.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46729102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46729102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46729102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46729102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46729102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46729102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1869164.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1869164.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1869164.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1869164.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1869164.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1869164.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  555                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              115433655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             142334.963009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   161.171308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    94.828692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.629575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.370425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        80108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        67157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         147265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        147265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    744530709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    744530709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     33559962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33559962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    778090671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    778090671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    778090671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    778090671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        67220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       149156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       149156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.022310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 407292.510394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 407292.510394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 532697.809524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 532697.809524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 411470.476467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 411470.476467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 411470.476467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 411470.476467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       511283                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       511283                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196726301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196726301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196918601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    196918601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196918601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    196918601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 355743.763110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355743.763110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 354170.145683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354170.145683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 354170.145683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354170.145683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
