
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001075                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1075336665                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398803687920                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 289159                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   373360                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  26279                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67751796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40919.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11832255463                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15277724821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        61312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        46592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        46464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        60928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        16768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        61440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        46464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               509952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       208000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            208000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1625                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1625                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     57016562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     43327826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     43208794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     56659465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     15593256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     57135595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20354556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     15712289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     43208794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20354556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               474225437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           35233617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         193427795                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              193427795                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         193427795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     57016562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     43327826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     43208794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     56659465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     15593256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     57135595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20354556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     15712289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     43208794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20354556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              667653232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224754                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187033                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79849                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23749                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1944254                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1232433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224754                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256219                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       166542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20756                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2153985     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15616      0.65%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19657      0.82%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31421      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12656      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16816      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19403      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9104      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131546      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.087156                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.477920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1936317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       179327                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34134                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1505793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1938765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       168223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1495587                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2089514                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6949969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6949969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         370662                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141676                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72398                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        16025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388655                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416290                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1823253     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266243     11.05%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110340      4.58%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61529      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82819      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25965      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25442      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13512      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1101      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9713     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1351     10.97%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169777     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18827      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127866      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72015      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388655                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.538500                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5201650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350849                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29968                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141676                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72398                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24786                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125326                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25050                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192497                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528786                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350849                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          809025                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2172437                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372404                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227168                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21811                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1848616     77.98%     77.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264990     11.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95900      4.05%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47710      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43776      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18442      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18227      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8723      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24306      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24306                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3805644                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2958077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30919                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                168542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.578733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.578733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.387787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.387787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6132080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1889669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1390866                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2576570                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         150322                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122599                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16089                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63211                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56801                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14926                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          726                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1452001                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts               888357                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            150322                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        71727                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              182217                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         50559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       158339                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines           90876                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16047                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      1826443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.591475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1644226     90.02%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           9602      0.53%     90.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          15338      0.84%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          22924      1.26%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4           9474      0.52%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          11230      0.61%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          11872      0.65%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8249      0.45%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          93528      5.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      1826443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.058342                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.344783                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1433628                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       177312                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          180809                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1092                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        33601                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        24339                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1076615                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        33601                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1437396                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         66920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        98930                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          178187                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        11406                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1073573                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          894                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1469599                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5002751                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5002751                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1205127                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         264258                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          232                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          123                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           33217                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       109246                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        60079                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2945                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        11473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1069384                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          231                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued          996413                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1872                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       166179                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       386923                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1826443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1401024     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172580      9.45%     86.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95897      5.25%     91.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62881      3.44%     94.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56753      3.11%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17556      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12511      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4390      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2851      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1826443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           284     12.39%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          907     39.56%     51.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1102     48.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       820287     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18314      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          109      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98963      9.93%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58740      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total       996413                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.386721                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2293                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3823434                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1235856                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       977593                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses       998706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4687                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23975                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4297                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          789                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        33601                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         54669                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1220                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1069615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          431                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109246                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60079                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          123                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          647                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8537                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         9981                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        18518                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts       981506                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93634                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14907                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             152254                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         133166                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            58620                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.380935                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent               977696                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count              977593                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          579439                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1467464                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.379416                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394857                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       721875                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       880280                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       189999                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16339                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1792842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.334335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1435338     80.06%     80.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170468      9.51%     89.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70669      3.94%     93.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36341      2.03%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26822      1.50%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15477      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9514      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8010      0.45%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20203      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1792842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       721875                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       880280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               141028                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads               85256                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           122234                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          795870                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        17171                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        20203                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            2842918                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2174360                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 25977                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                750127                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            721875                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              880280                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       721875                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.569274                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.569274                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.280169                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.280169                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        4454507                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1336994                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1020011                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         200239                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163804                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21408                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80909                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76612                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20333                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1924717                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1119415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            200239                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        96945                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              232322                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         58728                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        93178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles          697                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          119341                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21280                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2288032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2055710     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          10690      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          16738      0.73%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          22784      1.00%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          23778      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          20273      0.89%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          10755      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          17182      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         110122      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2288032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077650                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.434093                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1905979                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       113096                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          231769                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          339                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        36845                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        32796                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1371586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        36845                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1911504                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         21983                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        78900                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          226614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12182                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1370585                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1914455                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6370767                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6370767                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1632485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         281955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           37823                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       128955                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        68662                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          783                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        32677                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1368046                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1291703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          286                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       165354                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       398998                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2288032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1729088     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239496     10.47%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119041      5.20%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81192      3.55%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64584      2.82%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27026      1.18%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17371      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9015      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1219      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2288032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           280     12.10%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          862     37.24%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1173     50.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1087123     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19148      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116915      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68357      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1291703                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.500904                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2315                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4874036                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1533745                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1270246                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1294018                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2573                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22898                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           13                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1211                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        36845                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         19109                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1368386                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128955                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68662                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1017                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           13                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11599                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12623                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24222                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1272245                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109950                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19455                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             178286                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         180591                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            68336                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.493358                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1270323                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1270246                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          730412                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1966497                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.492583                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371428                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       951440                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1170674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       197712                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        21454                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2251187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1759832     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249123     11.07%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88793      3.94%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42407      1.88%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42890      1.91%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21197      0.94%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14060      0.62%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8241      0.37%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24644      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2251187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       951440                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1170674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               173505                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              106054                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           168779                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1054764                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        24093                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        24644                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3594916                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2773636                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 31041                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                290714                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            951440                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1170674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       951440                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.710361                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.710361                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.368955                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.368955                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5722929                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1772279                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1271253                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         224723                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187007                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21835                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84534                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79839                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23745                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1944003                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1232274                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            224723                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       103584                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              256186                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         61767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       159200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         8169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          122050                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20753                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2407339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2151153     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          15613      0.65%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          19654      0.82%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          31419      1.31%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          12655      0.53%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          16813      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          19401      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9103      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         131528      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2407339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.087144                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.477858                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1940832                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       171984                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          254888                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          119                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        39510                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        34129                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1505596                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        39510                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1943280                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          5327                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       160879                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          252529                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         5809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1495390                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2089242                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6949034                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6949034                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1718612                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         370626                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           21246                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       141656                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        72390                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        16025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458727                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388468                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1816                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195553                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416207                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2407339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1820474     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266203     11.06%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110325      4.58%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61517      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82798      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25975      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25434      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13511      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1102      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2407339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9711     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1352     10.98%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169616     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18827      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127847      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72008      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388468                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.538428                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12317                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5198408                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654656                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350667                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400785                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29962                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        39510                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459085                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141656                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72390                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12736                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24784                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363416                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25052                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             197275                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         192468                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            71968                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528713                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1350698                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1350667                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          808916                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2172088                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.523769                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372414                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999876                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231948                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227139                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        21809                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2367829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1845826     77.95%     77.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264953     11.19%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95883      4.05%     93.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47706      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43771      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18441      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18224      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8722      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24303      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2367829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       999876                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1231948                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               182593                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              111694                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           178621                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1109062                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25418                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        24303                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3802600                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2957691                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 30915                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                171407                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            999876                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1231948                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       999876                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.579066                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.579066                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.387737                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.387737                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6131259                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1889414                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1390693                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         170802                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10739                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63712                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58837                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9185                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          484                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1796695                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1071528                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            170802                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        68022                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              211104                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         34311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       300931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          104794                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10595                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2332061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.539937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2120957     90.95%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           7391      0.32%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          15206      0.65%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           6347      0.27%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          34446      1.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          31228      1.34%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           5524      0.24%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          12443      0.53%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8          98519      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2332061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.066235                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.415523                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1778792                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       319267                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          210128                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          743                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        23125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        14996                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1255961                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        23125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1781752                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        287245                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        23280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          208111                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8542                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1253995                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         3945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         3001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           86                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1478791                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5900317                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5900317                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1271383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         207402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           79                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           21891                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       293622                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       146997                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1296                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         7086                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1248868                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1187490                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          968                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119937                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       296795                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2332061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.509202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.298609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1905734     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       130077      5.58%     87.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104962      4.50%     91.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45840      1.97%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57302      2.46%     96.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53689      2.30%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30367      1.30%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2606      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1484      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2332061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2963     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22539     86.04%     97.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          695      2.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       747031     62.91%     62.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10298      0.87%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       283706     23.89%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146385     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1187490                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.460491                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26197                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022061                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4734206                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1369005                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1175037                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1213687                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1967                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15316                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1468                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        23125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        281426                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2236                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1249017                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       293622                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       146997                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           79                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5423                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6883                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        12306                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177633                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       282595                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9857                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             428953                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         153819                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           146358                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.456669                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1175139                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1175037                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          636058                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1257746                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.455662                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.505713                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       945228                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1110604                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138531                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        10735                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.481003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1904151     82.47%     82.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149191      6.46%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69243      3.00%     91.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68365      2.96%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18751      0.81%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78123      3.38%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6177      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4329      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10606      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       945228                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1110604                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               423827                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              278303                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           146532                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          987613                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        10606                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3547465                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2521412                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 39886                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                246685                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            945228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1110604                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       945228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.728174                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.728174                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.366546                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.366546                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5816562                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1368084                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1487349                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         200470                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164003                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21433                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80984                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76694                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20352                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1926979                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1120830                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            200470                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        97046                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              232608                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         58801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       100975                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles          692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          119478                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21304                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2298420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2065812     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          10697      0.47%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          16753      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          22812      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          23812      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          20297      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          10770      0.47%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          17205      0.75%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         110262      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2298420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077739                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.434641                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1908223                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       120908                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          232049                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        36893                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        32828                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1373322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        36893                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1913754                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         20814                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        87865                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          226891                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12199                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1372319                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1916902                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6378854                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6378854                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1634478                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         282424                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           37905                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       129115                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        68739                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          784                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        32728                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1369746                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1293287                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          289                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       165585                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399665                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2298420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.247757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1738842     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239743     10.43%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119171      5.18%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81278      3.54%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64675      2.81%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27065      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17397      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9031      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1218      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2298420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           281     12.13%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          862     37.22%     49.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1173     50.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1088444     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19184      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117065      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68434      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1293287                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.501518                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2316                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001791                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4887599                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1535676                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1271796                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1295603                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2572                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22931                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           13                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1211                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        36893                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         17937                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1199                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1370086                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129115                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68739                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1016                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           13                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11608                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12644                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24252                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1273794                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110078                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             178491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         180799                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            68413                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.493959                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1271870                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1271796                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          731305                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1968897                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.493184                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371429                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       952602                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1172116                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       197982                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21479                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2261527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1769599     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249405     11.03%     89.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88894      3.93%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42458      1.88%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42927      1.90%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21227      0.94%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14090      0.62%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8250      0.36%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24677      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2261527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       952602                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1172116                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               173712                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              106184                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           168981                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1056066                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        24123                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        24677                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3606935                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2777096                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 31071                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                280326                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            952602                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1172116                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       952602                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.707055                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.707055                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.369405                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.369405                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5729924                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1774466                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1272838                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         170909                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153945                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10747                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63556                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58960                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9216                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          494                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1799317                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1072540                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            170909                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        68176                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              211228                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         34361                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       303101                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          104930                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2337011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.539161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.838154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2125783     90.96%     90.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           7360      0.31%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          15234      0.65%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           6267      0.27%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          34476      1.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          31266      1.34%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5639      0.24%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          12560      0.54%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          98426      4.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2337011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.066276                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.415915                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1782040                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       320796                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          210279                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          733                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        23157                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        15034                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1256878                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1261                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        23157                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1785002                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        283235                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        29229                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          208297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1254978                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         3551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         2917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           84                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1479550                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5905354                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5905354                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1272930                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         206608                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          152                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           21312                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       294240                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       147436                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1333                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         7085                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1250357                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          152                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1189399                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1012                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119522                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       294202                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2337011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.508940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1910677     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       129525      5.54%     87.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105222      4.50%     91.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45738      1.96%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57256      2.45%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53861      2.30%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30698      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2573      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1461      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2337011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2964     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22716     86.15%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          689      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       747885     62.88%     62.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10323      0.87%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       284348     23.91%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146773     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1189399                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.461232                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26369                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4743190                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1370085                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1177043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1215768                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2006                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15257                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1572                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        23157                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        277972                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2247                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1250509                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           11                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       294240                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       147436                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1418                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6862                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        12312                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179575                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       283322                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9824                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             430067                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         154121                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           146745                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.457422                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1177151                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1177043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          637021                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1258526                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.456440                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506164                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       946711                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1112288                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138339                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        10746                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2313854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1908626     82.49%     82.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149100      6.44%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69359      3.00%     91.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68576      2.96%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18616      0.80%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78577      3.40%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6158      0.27%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4291      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10551      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2313854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       946711                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1112288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               424840                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              278976                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           146733                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          989096                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        10551                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3553930                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2524434                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 40052                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                241735                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            946711                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1112288                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       946711                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.723900                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.723900                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.367121                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.367121                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5827131                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1370263                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1489549                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         150326                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122620                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16133                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60750                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56685                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14881                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          688                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1452135                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts               889272                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            150326                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        71566                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              182354                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         50747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       157551                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines           90954                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16110                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      1826076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.592542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1643722     90.01%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           9653      0.53%     90.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          15187      0.83%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          22888      1.25%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4           9539      0.52%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11207      0.61%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          11830      0.65%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           8235      0.45%     94.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8          93815      5.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      1826076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.058294                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.344847                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1433241                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       177053                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          180899                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1131                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        33751                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        24316                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1078390                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        33751                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1437115                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         73470                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        91933                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          178249                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        11555                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1075333                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          857                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1471507                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5012265                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5012265                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1206946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         264561                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          235                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          125                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           33970                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       109581                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        60133                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2933                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        11440                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1071095                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          235                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued          997001                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1847                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       166887                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       393549                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1826076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.234246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1400972     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172676      9.46%     86.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95249      5.22%     91.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62606      3.43%     94.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56972      3.12%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17683      0.97%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12591      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4456      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2871      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1826076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           286     12.14%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          957     40.62%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1113     47.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       820968     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18303      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          110      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98902      9.92%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58718      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total       997001                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.386622                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2356                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002363                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3824281                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1238276                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       978034                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses       999357                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4548                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24226                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4280                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          800                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        33751                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         63279                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1350                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1071330                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          447                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109581                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60133                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          729                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8565                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10060                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        18625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts       981943                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93505                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15058                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             152092                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         133035                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            58587                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.380783                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent               978136                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count              978034                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          579816                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1470862                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.379267                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.394201                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       722977                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps       881530                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       190591                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        16380                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1792325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1434885     80.06%     80.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170519      9.51%     89.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70264      3.92%     93.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36315      2.03%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26907      1.50%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15517      0.87%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9498      0.53%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8023      0.45%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20397      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1792325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       722977                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps       881530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               141208                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads               85355                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           122376                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          797011                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        17187                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        20397                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            2844049                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2178000                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 26178                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                752670                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            722977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps              881530                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       722977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.566844                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.566844                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.280360                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.280360                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        4456494                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1337720                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1020761                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2578733                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         195646                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160384                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80632                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74336                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19734                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          924                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1870332                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1118111                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            195646                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        94070                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              244468                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         60478                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       142520                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          117071                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20911                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2296361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2051893     89.35%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          25938      1.13%     90.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          30151      1.31%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          16582      0.72%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          18766      0.82%     93.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          10764      0.47%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7512      0.33%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          19217      0.84%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         115538      5.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2296361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075869                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.433589                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1854190                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       159208                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          242134                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2122                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        38703                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        31658                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1364473                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        38703                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1857613                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         14570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       135544                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          240607                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         9320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1362765                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1894930                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6340778                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6340778                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1584393                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         310480                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           26848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       130943                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        69643                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1646                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        15238                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1357911                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1273690                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1811                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       188793                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       441173                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2296361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.554656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1761429     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214373      9.34%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115634      5.04%     91.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79635      3.47%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70413      3.07%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        35908      1.56%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9061      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5678      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4230      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2296361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1300     44.83%     56.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1270     43.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1067005     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19787      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117640      9.24%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69104      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1273690                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.493921                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2900                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002277                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4848452                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1547075                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1250288                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1276590                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3216                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26076                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          245                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        38703                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         10012                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1040                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1358254                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130943                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69643                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11341                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12205                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        23546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1253263                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110124                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20427                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             179197                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         174344                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            69073                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.486000                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1250362                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1250288                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          744113                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1951845                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.484846                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381236                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929962                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1141115                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217071                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        20835                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2257658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1791748     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216140      9.57%     88.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90540      4.01%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54142      2.40%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37467      1.66%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24434      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12981      0.57%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10103      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20103      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2257658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       929962                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1141115                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               172640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              104850                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           163302                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1028829                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23243                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        20103                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3595741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2755158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 30711                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                282372                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            929962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1141115                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       929962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.772944                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.772944                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.360627                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.360627                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5650631                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1737968                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1270838                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         199645                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163292                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21332                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80682                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76391                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20273                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          974                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1919287                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1116247                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            199645                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        96664                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              231650                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         58534                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       109655                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          118988                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21206                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2297551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2065901     89.92%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          10649      0.46%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          16700      0.73%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          22701      0.99%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          23710      1.03%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          20223      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          10719      0.47%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          17143      0.75%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         109805      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2297551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077419                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.432864                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1899836                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       129552                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          231090                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        36726                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        32714                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1367660                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        36726                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1905351                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         20482                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        96882                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          225948                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        12158                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1366653                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         5285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1908822                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6352506                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6352506                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1627700                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         281117                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           37797                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       128581                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        68487                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          782                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        32571                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1364073                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1287941                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          288                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       164844                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       397909                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2297551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245828                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1740233     75.74%     75.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       238816     10.39%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118676      5.17%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80951      3.52%     94.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64394      2.80%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26952      1.17%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17330      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8988      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1211      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2297551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           280     12.11%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          861     37.24%     49.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1171     50.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1083912     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19096      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116590      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68183      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1287941                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.499445                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2312                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001795                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4876033                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1529263                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266563                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1290253                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2568                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22819                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1211                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        36726                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         17605                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1205                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1364413                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128581                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68487                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1021                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11556                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12579                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24135                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1268556                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109646                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19385                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             177808                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         180066                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            68162                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.491927                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1266639                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1266563                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          728283                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1960597                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.491155                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371460                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       948700                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1167307                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       197113                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21378                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1770882     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       248421     10.99%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88514      3.92%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42295      1.87%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42770      1.89%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21136      0.93%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14014      0.62%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8215      0.36%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24578      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       948700                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1167307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               173035                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              105759                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           168278                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1051762                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        24031                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        24578                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3600654                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2765578                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 30951                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                281195                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            948700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1167307                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       948700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.718189                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.718189                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.367892                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.367892                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5706433                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1766972                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1267699                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         152853                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       124770                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16368                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        64140                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57788                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          15094                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          745                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1472563                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts               901306                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            152853                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        72882                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              184702                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         51455                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       163089                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines           92178                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16319                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      1854851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1670149     90.04%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           9759      0.53%     90.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          15378      0.83%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          23295      1.26%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4           9496      0.51%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          11376      0.61%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          12218      0.66%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           8387      0.45%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          94793      5.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      1854851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.059274                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.349513                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1453672                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       182606                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          183226                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1135                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        34211                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        24673                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1091853                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        34211                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1457656                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         70686                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        98171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          180457                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        13667                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1088816                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5961                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2633                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1490766                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5072438                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5072438                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1222462                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         268301                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          127                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           34675                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       110447                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        60731                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        11594                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1084648                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          237                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1010113                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1882                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       168851                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       393883                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1854851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.231417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1423436     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       175124      9.44%     86.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        97288      5.25%     91.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63865      3.44%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57332      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17550      0.95%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12935      0.70%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4438      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2883      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1854851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           295     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          932     39.74%     52.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1118     47.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       832288     82.40%     82.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18508      1.83%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          111      0.01%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99914      9.89%     94.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        59292      5.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1010113                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.391707                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2345                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002322                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3879304                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1253800                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       991009                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1012458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4695                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24079                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4244                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        34211                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         60405                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1327                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1084885                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       110447                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60731                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          127                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          720                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8702                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10208                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        18910                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts       994844                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        94492                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             153671                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         135280                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            59179                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.385786                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent               991104                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count              991009                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          587396                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1489196                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.384299                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.394438                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       731980                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       892659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       192969                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16622                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1820640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1458117     80.09%     80.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       172837      9.49%     89.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        71657      3.94%     93.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36807      2.02%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27266      1.50%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15759      0.87%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9616      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8116      0.45%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20465      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1820640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       731980                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       892659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               142855                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads               86368                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           124023                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          806982                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        17409                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        20465                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            2885803                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2205476                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 26374                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                723895                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            731980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              892659                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       731980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.522973                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.522973                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.283851                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.283851                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        4513778                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1355792                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1034185                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         183743                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161671                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16821                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       112776                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         109706                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11980                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          530                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1882546                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1042633                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            183743                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       121686                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              229832                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         54639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        69318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          115874                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16363                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2219426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.533722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.795879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1989594     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          32304      1.46%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          19176      0.86%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          31665      1.43%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          11870      0.53%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          29055      1.31%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5195      0.23%     95.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9555      0.43%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          91012      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2219426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.071253                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.404318                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1868024                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        84522                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          229212                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          283                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        37381                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        19324                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1180459                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1387                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        37381                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1870003                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         53906                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        25006                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          227324                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         5802                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1177994                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1000                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1561466                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5362445                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5362445                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1230977                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         330466                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           15551                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       198806                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        37152                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          343                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8373                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1169558                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1083277                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1195                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233396                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       494784                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2219426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.114879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1748930     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       154029      6.94%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       147604      6.65%     92.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88407      3.98%     96.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50630      2.28%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13679      0.62%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15444      0.70%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          384      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          319      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2219426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2174     59.48%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          816     22.33%     81.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          665     18.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       858450     79.25%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9217      0.85%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       178814     16.51%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36712      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1083277                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.420079                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3655                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003374                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4390829                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1403128                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1052393                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1086932                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1015                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45434                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1257                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        37381                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         48261                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          746                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1169722                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           55                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198806                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37152                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          417                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9900                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7943                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        17843                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1066377                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       175345                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16899                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             212045                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         159960                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            36700                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.413525                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1052809                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1052393                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          634066                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1441865                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.408103                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.439754                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       819130                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       933814                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235944                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16554                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2182045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1827792     83.77%     83.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143423      6.57%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87332      4.00%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28878      1.32%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45019      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9780      0.45%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6411      0.29%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5629      0.26%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27781      1.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2182045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       819130                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       933814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               189267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              153372                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           142087                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          819648                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12760                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        27781                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3324022                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2376928                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 42856                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                359320                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            819130                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              933814                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       819130                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.148152                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.148152                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.317647                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.317647                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        4931528                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1386909                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1226934                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2577554                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         194995                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159813                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20904                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80395                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74542                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19755                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          920                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1869719                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1114918                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            194995                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        94297                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              243974                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         60040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       158934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          116899                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20811                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2311327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2067353     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          25624      1.11%     90.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          30243      1.31%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          16756      0.72%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          18931      0.82%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          10690      0.46%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           7515      0.33%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          19286      0.83%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         114929      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2311327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075651                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432549                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1854330                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       174871                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          241949                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1811                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        38362                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        31566                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1360797                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1834                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        38362                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1857508                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         16020                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       150372                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          240497                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         8564                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1359259                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4162                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1890599                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6326748                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6326748                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1584393                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         306149                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          344                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           24948                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       130390                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        69660                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1655                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15292                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1355278                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1272555                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1795                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186748                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433530                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           36                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2311327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1776560     76.86%     76.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214811      9.29%     86.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115048      4.98%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79726      3.45%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70395      3.05%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36096      1.56%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8638      0.37%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5842      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4211      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2311327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1298     44.77%     56.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1271     43.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1066019     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19833      1.56%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117413      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69136      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1272555                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.493706                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2899                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002278                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4861131                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1542405                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1249680                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1275454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3256                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25523                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1845                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          112                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        38362                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         11799                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          969                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1355625                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          438                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130390                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69660                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          666                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11510                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12090                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        23600                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1252479                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109959                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20076                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             179072                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         174211                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            69113                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.485918                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1249748                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1249680                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          744081                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1950963                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.484832                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381392                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929962                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1141115                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214435                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        20870                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2272965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1807000     79.50%     79.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216210      9.51%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90509      3.98%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54098      2.38%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37640      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24396      1.07%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12892      0.57%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10059      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20161      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2272965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       929962                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1141115                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               172640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              104850                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           163302                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1028829                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        23243                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        20161                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3608354                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2749546                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 30630                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                266227                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            929962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1141115                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       929962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.771677                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.771677                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.360792                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.360792                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5648108                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1737235                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1267690                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         171192                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       154303                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10699                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67063                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          59233                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9236                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          499                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1802513                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1075753                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            171192                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        68469                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              212070                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         34156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       288388                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          105093                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10560                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2326185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.543508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.844912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2114115     90.88%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           7571      0.33%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          15197      0.65%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           6393      0.27%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          34599      1.49%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          31322      1.35%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           5671      0.24%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          12412      0.53%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8          98905      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2326185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.066386                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.417161                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1780425                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       310913                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          211098                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          737                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        23006                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        14964                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1261046                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1261                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        23006                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1783600                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        280369                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        21039                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          208969                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9196                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1258896                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         4472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          133                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1482728                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5925581                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5925581                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1276292                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         206332                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          148                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           78                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           23313                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       295853                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       148174                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1392                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         7079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1253861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1192529                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          985                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       120087                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       296541                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2326185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.512654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1896955     81.55%     81.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       131448      5.65%     87.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105953      4.55%     91.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        46154      1.98%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57572      2.47%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53693      2.31%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30340      1.30%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2640      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1430      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2326185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2970     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22568     85.98%     97.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          711      2.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       748976     62.81%     62.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10316      0.87%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       285697     23.96%     87.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       147470     12.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1192529                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.462445                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26249                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022011                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4738477                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1374147                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1180185                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1218778                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2043                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15509                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1613                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          105                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        23006                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        273467                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2500                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1254009                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       295853                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       148174                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           78                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1449                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5474                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6765                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        12239                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1182760                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       284628                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9769                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             432054                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         154376                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           147426                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.458657                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1180283                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1180185                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          638733                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1263845                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.457658                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.505389                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       949886                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1115883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138158                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        10695                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2303179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.484497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1896254     82.33%     82.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150233      6.52%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69708      3.03%     91.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68509      2.97%     94.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18792      0.82%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78374      3.40%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6246      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4311      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10752      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2303179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       949886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1115883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               426897                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              280336                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           147140                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          992290                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        10715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        10752                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3546468                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2531176                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 39956                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                252561                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            949886                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1115883                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       949886                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.714795                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.714795                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.368352                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.368352                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5844959                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1372591                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1494696                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2578742                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         224367                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186742                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21806                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84382                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79690                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23700                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          996                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1940561                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1230485                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            224367                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       103390                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              255783                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         61691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       167884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          121842                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20725                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2154650     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          15583      0.65%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          19618      0.81%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31372      1.30%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          12632      0.52%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          16777      0.70%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          19362      0.80%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9079      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         131360      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2410433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.087006                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.477165                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1935708                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       180652                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          254486                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34056                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1503335                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1938155                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles          5326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       169550                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          252127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         5807                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1493129                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2086294                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6938559                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6938559                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1716068                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         370226                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           21238                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       141415                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        72241                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        16004                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1456519                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1386322                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1815                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195336                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       415806                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1824499     75.69%     75.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       265781     11.03%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110137      4.57%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61406      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82686      3.43%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25931      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25400      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13494      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1099      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9699     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     10.96%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1250     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1167864     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18811      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          169      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127620      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71858      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1386322                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.537596                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12297                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5197189                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1652231                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1348569                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1398619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          937                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29925                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1487                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1456877                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141415                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72241                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12031                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12722                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24753                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1361300                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125083                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25022                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             196902                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         192147                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            71819                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.527893                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1348600                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1348569                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          807747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2168956                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522956                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372413                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998346                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1229999                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       226882                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21780                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1849798     78.02%     78.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264539     11.16%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95730      4.04%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47613      2.01%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43700      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18410      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18208      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8713      0.37%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24259      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       998346                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1229999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               182244                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              111490                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           178324                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1107290                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25365                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        24259                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3803579                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2953230                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 30859                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                168309                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            998346                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1229999                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       998346                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.583014                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.583014                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.387145                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.387145                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6121733                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1886704                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1388582                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         183969                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161735                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16882                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       112607                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         109801                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12097                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          568                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1883763                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1043356                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            183969                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       121898                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              230062                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         54779                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        59595                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          116045                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16425                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2211228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.536008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.799133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1981166     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          32405      1.47%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          19089      0.86%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          31777      1.44%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          11942      0.54%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          29165      1.32%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           5100      0.23%     95.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9544      0.43%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          91040      4.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2211228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.071340                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.404598                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1869365                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        74681                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          229444                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          272                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        37462                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        19424                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1181141                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        37462                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1871295                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         40084                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        29003                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          227603                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         5777                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1178739                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1016                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1562168                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5365108                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5365108                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1231749                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         330391                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           15488                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       199119                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        37257                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          241                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8391                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1170425                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1083860                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1086                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233562                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       495562                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2211228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.490162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.116530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1740352     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       154087      6.97%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       147940      6.69%     92.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88419      4.00%     96.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50688      2.29%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13623      0.62%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15398      0.70%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          387      0.02%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          334      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2211228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2158     59.22%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          819     22.48%     81.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          667     18.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       858755     79.23%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9274      0.86%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       178972     16.51%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36775      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1083860                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.420305                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3644                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003362                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4383678                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1404160                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1053135                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1087504                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1037                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45694                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1329                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        37462                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         34609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          764                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1170589                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       199119                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37257                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          425                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9919                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7998                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        17917                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1067238                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       175664                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             212429                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         160323                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            36765                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.413859                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1053635                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1053135                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          634677                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1441226                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.408390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.440373                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       819571                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       934357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236178                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        16618                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2173765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1819222     83.69%     83.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143602      6.61%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87535      4.03%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28715      1.32%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45010      2.07%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9832      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6403      0.29%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5646      0.26%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27800      1.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2173765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       819571                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       934357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               189347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              153425                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           142160                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          820140                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        12770                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        27800                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3316500                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2378656                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 43129                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                367518                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            819571                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              934357                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       819571                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.146458                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.146458                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.317818                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.317818                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        4934976                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1387602                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1227920                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.880725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.880725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    16.741531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    38.134612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1950.123857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.008175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.018620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.952209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     153277285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      153277285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     153277285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929971.402778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476251.173469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929971.402778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476251.173469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929971.402778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476251.173469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          497                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2044.998458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          86606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        34.070024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks         114.452100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.307614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   218.705551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1699.533193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.055885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.106790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.829850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.998534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            356                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 356                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   309                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          481                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 494                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12942608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    447103011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     460045619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     42072722                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     42072722                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12942608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    489175733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      502118341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12942608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    489175733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     502118341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          356                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             356                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.588000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.595020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.608861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.615193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.608861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.615193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 995585.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1013839.027211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1013316.341410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1051818.050000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1051818.050000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 995585.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1016997.365904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1016433.888664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 995585.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1016997.365904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1016433.888664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                268                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     268                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11801208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    408554027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    420355235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     38558910                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38558910                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11801208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    447112937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    458914145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11801208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    447112937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    458914145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.588000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.608861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.608861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 907785.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 926426.365079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 925892.588106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 963972.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963972.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 907785.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 929548.725572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 928976.002024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 907785.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 929548.725572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 928976.002024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2046.550486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.550486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    26.278431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    59.329828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1932.391742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.012831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.028970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.943551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82821037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     99534963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     182356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82821037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     99534963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      182356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82821037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     99534963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     182356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3067445.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 873113.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1293304.964539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3067445.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 873113.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1293304.964539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3067445.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 873113.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1293304.964539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80450437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     89525763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169976200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80450437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     89525763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169976200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80450437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     89525763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169976200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2979645.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785313.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205504.964539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2979645.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785313.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205504.964539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2979645.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785313.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205504.964539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2046.881531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.881531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    16.719021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    38.106026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1950.174954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.008164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.018606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.952234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    100292620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     70364835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     170657455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    100292620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     70364835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      170657455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    100292620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     70364835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     170657455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3857408.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 977289.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1741402.602041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3857408.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 977289.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1741402.602041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3857408.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 977289.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1741402.602041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98009820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     64039078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162048898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98009820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     64039078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    162048898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98009820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     64039078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    162048898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3769608.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 889431.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1653560.183673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3769608.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 889431.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1653560.183673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3769608.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 889431.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1653560.183673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          377                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         113267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        46.708041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.584305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.547947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   176.598291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1853.269458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.086230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.904917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          345                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   345                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 377                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12160443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    349638806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     361799249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12160443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    349638806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      361799249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12160443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    349638806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     361799249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.522161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.522161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.522161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 935418.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 960546.170330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959679.705570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 935418.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 960546.170330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959679.705570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 935418.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 960546.170330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959679.705570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11019043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    317673612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328692655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11019043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    317673612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    328692655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11019043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    317673612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    328692655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 847618.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 872729.703297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871863.806366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 847618.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 872729.703297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871863.806366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 847618.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 872729.703297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871863.806366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2046.546324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.546324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.266273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    59.248865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1932.484862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.012825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.028930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.943596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     92700743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     97863574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     190564317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     92700743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     97863574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      190564317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     92700743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     97863574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     190564317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3433360.851852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 858452.403509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1351519.978723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3433360.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 858452.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1351519.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3433360.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 858452.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1351519.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     90330143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87854374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178184517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     90330143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87854374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    178184517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     90330143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87854374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    178184517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3345560.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770652.403509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1263719.978723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3345560.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770652.403509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1263719.978723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3345560.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770652.403509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1263719.978723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          378                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         113266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        46.688376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.587342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    14.356268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   176.487464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1851.568926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.007010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.086176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.904086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          344                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   344                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          363                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 378                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15387867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    343597465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     358985332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15387867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    343597465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      358985332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15387867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    343597465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     358985332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.513437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.523546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.513437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.523546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.513437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.523546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1025857.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 946549.490358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949696.645503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1025857.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 946549.490358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949696.645503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1025857.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 946549.490358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949696.645503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14070343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    311718102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325788445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14070343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    311718102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    325788445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14070343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    311718102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    325788445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.513437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.513437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.513437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 938022.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 858727.553719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861874.193122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 938022.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 858727.553719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861874.193122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 938022.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 858727.553719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861874.193122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          495                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2045.157112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                          86608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        34.097638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks         115.568396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.305067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   216.999271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1700.284378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.056430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.105957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.830217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.998612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            357                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 357                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   308                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          476                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 489                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11750269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    460766788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     472517057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33855507                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33855507                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11750269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    494622295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      506372564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11750269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    494622295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     506372564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.587684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.607143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.613551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.607143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.613551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 903866.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1049582.660592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1045391.719027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 915013.702703                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 915013.702703                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 903866.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1039122.468487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1035526.715746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 903866.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1039122.468487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1035526.715746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                265                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     265                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10608869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    422220730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    432829599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     30605183                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30605183                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10608869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    452825913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    463434782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10608869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    452825913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    463434782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.587684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 816066.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 961778.428246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957587.608407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 827167.108108                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827167.108108                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 816066.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 951314.943277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947719.390593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 816066.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 951314.943277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947719.390593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          145                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.051967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         135153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        61.629275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          97.242262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.734786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    71.605235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1864.469684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.034963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.910386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            170                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 170                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   328                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 147                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15273378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    106077151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     121350529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1093735                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1093735                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15273378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107170886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      122444264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15273378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107170886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     122444264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          170                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             170                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.286957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.308017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.288503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.309474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.288503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.309474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1090955.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 803614.780303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831168.006849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1093735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1093735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1090955.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 805796.135338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 832954.176871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1090955.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 805796.135338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 832954.176871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14044178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     94661873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108706051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1005935                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005935                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14044178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     95667808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109711986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14044178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     95667808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109711986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.286957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.288503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.288503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1003155.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 717135.401515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744561.993151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1005935                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005935                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1003155.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 719306.827068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746340.040816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1003155.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 719306.827068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746340.040816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2046.539526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.539526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.288008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    59.004086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1932.707906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.012836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.028811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.943705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70676087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    102064620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     172740707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70676087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    102064620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      172740707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70676087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    102064620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     172740707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2617632.851852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 895303.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1225111.397163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2617632.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 895303.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1225111.397163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2617632.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 895303.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1225111.397163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68297777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92003117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160300894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68297777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92003117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160300894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68297777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92003117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160300894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2529547.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 807044.885965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1136885.773050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2529547.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 807044.885965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1136885.773050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2529547.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 807044.885965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1136885.773050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          499                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2045.190312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          86611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        34.058592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks         114.582835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.269148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   217.800108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1700.538220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.055949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.005991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.106348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.830341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.998628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            356                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 356                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          312                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   312                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          480                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 493                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12790671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    443058865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     455849536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     33949719                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33949719                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12790671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    477008584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      489799255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12790671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    477008584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     489799255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          356                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             356                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.586207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.593220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.606061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.612422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.606061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.612422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 983897.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1002395.622172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1001867.112088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 893413.657895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893413.657895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 983897.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 993767.883333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 993507.616633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 983897.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 993767.883333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 993507.616633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                268                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     268                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11649271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    404251265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    415900536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     30613319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30613319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11649271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    434864584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    446513855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11649271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    434864584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    446513855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.586207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.593220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.606061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.606061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 896097.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 914595.622172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 914067.112088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 805613.657895                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805613.657895                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 896097.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 905967.883333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 905707.616633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 896097.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 905967.883333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 905707.616633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          184                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.973013                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          51304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        22.985663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.973013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.247543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    98.596893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1903.155564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.005980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.048143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.929275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   286                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 184                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10295457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    137118896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     147414353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10295457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    137118896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      147414353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10295457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    137118896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     147414353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.374179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.391489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.374179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.391489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.374179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.391489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 791958.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 801864.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 801164.961957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 791958.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 801864.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 801164.961957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 791958.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 801864.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 801164.961957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9154057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    122100247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131254304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9154057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    122100247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131254304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9154057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    122100247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131254304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.374179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.374179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.374179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 704158.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 714036.532164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713338.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 704158.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 714036.532164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713338.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 704158.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 714036.532164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713338.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          145                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.414618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         135154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        61.629731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          96.845803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.594681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    71.707625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1864.266509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.007126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.035013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.910286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            170                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 170                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   328                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 147                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11097747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    104583745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     115681492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11097747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    104583745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      115681492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11097747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    104583745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     115681492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          170                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             170                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.286957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.309474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.286957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.309474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.286957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.309474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 739849.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 792301.098485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 786948.925170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 739849.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 792301.098485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 786948.925170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 739849.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 792301.098485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 786948.925170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 92                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      92                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9780383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93168755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102949138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9780383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93168755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102949138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9780383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93168755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102949138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.286957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.286957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.286957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 652025.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 705823.901515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700334.272109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 652025.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 705823.901515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700334.272109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 652025.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 705823.901515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700334.272109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          378                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         113269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        46.689613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.588792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.352287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   175.532300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1852.526621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.007008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.085709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.904554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            113                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 113                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          346                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   346                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          365                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 380                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14472077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    347820241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     362292318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14472077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    347820241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      362292318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14472077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    347820241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     362292318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          113                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             113                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.513361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.523416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.513361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.523416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.513361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.523416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 964805.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 952932.167123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953400.836842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 964805.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 952932.167123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953400.836842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 964805.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 952932.167123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953400.836842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 79                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      79                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13154373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    315946843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329101216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13154373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    315946843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329101216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13154373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    315946843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329101216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.513361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.513361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.513361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 876958.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 865607.789041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866055.831579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 876958.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 865607.789041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866055.831579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 876958.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 865607.789041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866055.831579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2046.877134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.877134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    16.740434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    38.158806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1950.100760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.008174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.018632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.952198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92158091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     73244938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     165403029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92158091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     73244938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      165403029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92158091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     73244938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     165403029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3544541.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1017290.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1687786.010204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3544541.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1017290.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1687786.010204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3544541.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1017290.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1687786.010204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89874928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     66922725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156797653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89874928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     66922725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156797653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89874928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     66922725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156797653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3456728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929482.291667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599976.051020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3456728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929482.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599976.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3456728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929482.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599976.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          184                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.971670                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          51305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        22.986111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.971670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.248119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    97.750040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1904.001841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.005981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.047730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.929688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 184                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11480890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    130024376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     141505266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11480890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    130024376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      141505266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11480890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    130024376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     141505266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.373362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.390658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.373362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.390658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.373362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.390658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 883145.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760376.467836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 769050.358696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 883145.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760376.467836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 769050.358696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 883145.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760376.467836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 769050.358696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10339490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    115006241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125345731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10339490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    115006241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125345731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10339490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    115006241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125345731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.373362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.373362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.373362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 795345.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 672551.116959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 681226.798913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 795345.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 672551.116959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 681226.798913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 795345.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 672551.116959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 681226.798913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              472.554359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750129988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1553064.157350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.554359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.028132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1483725                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 741862.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.938230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.298032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.701968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.458195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.541805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    194842081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194842081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195834825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195834825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195834825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195834825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 230309.788416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230309.788416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91314177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91314177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91522530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91522530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91522530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91522530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 268571.108824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268571.108824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              501.419571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750383306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1494787.462151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.419571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.019903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total          90856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total         90856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     19078797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19078797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     19078797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19078797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     19078797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19078797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total        90876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total        90876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 953939.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953939.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 953939.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953939.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 953939.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953939.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13050508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13050508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13050508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13050508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13050508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13050508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1003885.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003885.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1003885.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003885.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1003885.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003885.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125035667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             119765.964559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   174.248205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    81.751795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.680657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.319343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        68837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        55136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       123973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         123973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       123973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        123973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1207550832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1207550832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    365522053                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    365522053                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1573072885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1573072885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1573072885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1573072885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        70717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       126197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       126197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.026585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 642314.272340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 642314.272340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1062564.107558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1062564.107558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 707316.944694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 707316.944694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 707316.944694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 707316.944694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    471484008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471484008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     42404722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42404722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    513888730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    513888730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    513888730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    513888730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 628645.344000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 628645.344000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1060118.050000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1060118.050000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 650492.063291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 650492.063291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 650492.063291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 650492.063291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              502.260351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              746680840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1484454.950298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    27.260351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.043686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       119302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       119302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         119302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       119302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        119302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     95521216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95521216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     95521216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95521216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     95521216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95521216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       119340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       119340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       119340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       119340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       119340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2513716.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2513716.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2513716.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2513716.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2513716.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2513716.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       900423                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 450211.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83111672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83111672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83111672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83111672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83111672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83111672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2968274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2968274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2968274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2968274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2968274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2968274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              112792139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             171939.236280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   157.546795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    98.453205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.615417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.384583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        80590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        67121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         147711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        147711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    439833353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    439833353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1158740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1158740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    440992093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    440992093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    440992093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    440992093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        81882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        67135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       149017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       149017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340428.291796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340428.291796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82767.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82767.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 337666.227412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337666.227412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 337666.227412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337666.227412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118865158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118865158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    119057458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119057458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    119057458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119057458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 299408.458438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299408.458438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 297643.645000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297643.645000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 297643.645000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297643.645000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              472.531601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750129975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1553064.130435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    17.531601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.028096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       122008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       122008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         122008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       122008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        122008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    162089967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162089967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    162089967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162089967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    162089967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162089967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       122048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       122048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       122048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       122048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       122048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 4052249.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4052249.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 4052249.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4052249.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 4052249.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4052249.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4680849                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1560283                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    100638296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100638296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    100638296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100638296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    100638296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100638296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3594224.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3594224.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3594224.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3594224.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3594224.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3594224.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              108893350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             181791.903172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   117.236192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   138.763808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.457954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.542046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        96335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        70536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       166871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         166871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       166871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        166871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    187395325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    187395325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       993071                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993071                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    188388396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    188388396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    188388396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    188388396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        97181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        70548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       167729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       167729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 221507.476359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 221507.476359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82755.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82755.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 219566.895105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219566.895105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 219566.895105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219566.895105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     88399707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88399707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       208415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     88608122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88608122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     88608122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88608122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 259999.138235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 259999.138235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 69471.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69471.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 258332.717201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 258332.717201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 258332.717201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 258332.717201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              555.546885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              765680793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1377123.728417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.546885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.020107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.890299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       104776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       104776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         104776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       104776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        104776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16546357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16546357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16546357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16546357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16546357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16546357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       104794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       104794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       104794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       104794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       104794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 919242.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919242.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 919242.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919242.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 919242.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919242.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12268903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12268903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12268903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12268903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12268903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12268903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 943761.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943761.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 943761.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943761.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 943761.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943761.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              287932013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             298375.143005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   101.565923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   154.434077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.396742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.603258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       266817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        266817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       145383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       412200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         412200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       412200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        412200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1425824530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1425824530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1425824530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1425824530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1425824530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1425824530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       269461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       269461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       145383                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145383                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       414844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       414844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       414844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       414844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 539267.976551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539267.976551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 539267.976551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 539267.976551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 539267.976551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 539267.976551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    376241412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376241412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    376241412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    376241412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    376241412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    376241412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 530664.897038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 530664.897038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 530664.897038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 530664.897038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 530664.897038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 530664.897038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              502.248070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              746680976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1484455.220676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    27.248070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.043667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       119438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       119438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         119438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       119438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        119438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109121335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109121335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109121335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109121335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109121335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109121335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       119477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       119477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       119477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       119477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       119477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2797982.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2797982.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2797982.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2797982.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2797982.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2797982.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       899296                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       449648                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     92991703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92991703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     92991703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92991703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     92991703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92991703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3321132.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3321132.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3321132.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3321132.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3321132.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3321132.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              112792312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             171939.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   157.457119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    98.542881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.615067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.384933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        80686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        67198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         147884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        147884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    403986075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    403986075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1159098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1159098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    405145173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    405145173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    405145173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    405145173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        81978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        67212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       149190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       149190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 312682.720588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 312682.720588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 82792.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82792.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 310218.356049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 310218.356049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 310218.356049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 310218.356049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117195395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117195395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117387695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117387695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117387695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117387695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 295202.506297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295202.506297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 293469.237500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293469.237500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 293469.237500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293469.237500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              557.355018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              765680927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1372188.041219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    14.355018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.023005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       104910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       104910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         104910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       104910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        104910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     19608037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19608037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     19608037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19608037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     19608037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19608037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       104930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       104930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       104930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       104930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       104930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 980401.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 980401.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 980401.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 980401.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 980401.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 980401.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15539132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15539132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15539132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15539132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15539132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15539132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1035942.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035942.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1035942.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035942.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1035942.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035942.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              287933043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             298995.890966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   101.513449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   154.486551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.396537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.603463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       267507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        267507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       145723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       413230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         413230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       413230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        413230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1412565635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1412565635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1412565635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1412565635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1412565635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1412565635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       270153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       270153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       145723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       415876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       415876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       415876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       415876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 533849.446334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 533849.446334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 533849.446334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 533849.446334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 533849.446334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 533849.446334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1939                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1939                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    370074100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    370074100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    370074100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    370074100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    370074100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    370074100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 523442.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 523442.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 523442.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 523442.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 523442.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 523442.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              501.417758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750383387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1494787.623506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.417758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.019900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst        90937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst        90937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total          90937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst        90937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total         90937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15178065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15178065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15178065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15178065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15178065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15178065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst        90954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst        90954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total        90954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst        90954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total        90954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 892827.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 892827.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 892827.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 892827.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 892827.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 892827.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11858830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11858830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11858830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11858830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11858830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11858830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 912217.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 912217.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 912217.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 912217.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 912217.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 912217.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  784                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              125035766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             120226.698077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   174.019101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    81.980899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.679762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.320238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        68845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        55222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       124067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         124067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       124067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        124067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1186109269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1186109269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    287814035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    287814035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1473923304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1473923304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1473923304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1473923304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        70700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        55558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       126258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       126258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.026238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.017353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.017353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 639412.004852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 639412.004852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 856589.389881                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 856589.389881                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 672717.162939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 672717.162939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 672717.162939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 672717.162939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    485145646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    485145646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34162607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34162607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    519308253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    519308253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    519308253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    519308253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 649458.696118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 649458.696118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 923313.702703                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923313.702703                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 662382.975765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 662382.975765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 662382.975765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 662382.975765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              495.733643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              747244323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1506540.973790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.733643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         117046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        117046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     20858443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20858443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     20858443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20858443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     20858443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20858443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       117071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       117071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 834337.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834337.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 834337.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 834337.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 834337.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 834337.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15390310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15390310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15390310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15390310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15390310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15390310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1099307.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099307.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1099307.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099307.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1099307.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099307.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              117744883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             164678.158042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   157.112060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    98.887940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.613719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.386281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        80488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        67366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       147854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         147854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       147854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        147854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    527828726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    527828726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    100450814                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    100450814                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    628279540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    628279540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    628279540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    628279540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        82078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        67466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       149544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       149544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 331967.752201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 331967.752201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1004508.140000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1004508.140000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 371763.041420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 371763.041420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 371763.041420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 371763.041420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2862194                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1431097                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    128593260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128593260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1102035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1102035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    129695295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129695295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    129695295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129695295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 279550.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279550.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1102035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1102035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 281334.696312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281334.696312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 281334.696312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281334.696312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              502.269652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              746680486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1484454.246521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    27.269652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.043701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       118948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       118948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         118948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       118948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        118948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     84037657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84037657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     84037657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84037657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     84037657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84037657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       118988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       118988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       118988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       118988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       118988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2100941.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2100941.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2100941.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2100941.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2100941.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2100941.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70974890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70974890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70974890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70974890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70974890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70974890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2534817.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2534817.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2534817.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2534817.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2534817.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2534817.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              112791752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             171938.646341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   157.161247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    98.838753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.613911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.386089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        80378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        66946                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66946                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       147324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         147324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       147324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        147324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    412333063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    412333063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1155672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    413488735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    413488735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    413488735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    413488735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        81670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        66960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       148630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       148630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 319143.237616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 319143.237616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        82548                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82548                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 316606.994640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 316606.994640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 316606.994640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 316606.994640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    121412604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121412604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    121604904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121604904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    121604904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121604904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 305825.198992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 305825.198992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 304012.260000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304012.260000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 304012.260000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304012.260000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              501.405089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750384609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1494790.057769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.405089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst        92159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         92159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst        92159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total          92159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst        92159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total         92159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     15803672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15803672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     15803672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15803672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     15803672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15803672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst        92178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst        92178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total        92178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst        92178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total        92178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 831772.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831772.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 831772.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831772.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 831772.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831772.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12899272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12899272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12899272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12899272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12899272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12899272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 992251.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992251.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 992251.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992251.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 992251.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992251.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  792                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              125036977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             119310.092557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   173.472929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    82.527071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.677629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.322371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        69424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        55853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       125277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         125277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       125277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        125277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1223666362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1223666362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    315824152                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    315824152                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1539490514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1539490514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1539490514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1539490514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        71297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        56190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       127487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       127487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       127487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       127487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.026270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005998                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005998                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.017335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.017335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 653318.933262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 653318.933262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 937163.655786                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937163.655786                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 696602.042534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 696602.042534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 696602.042534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 696602.042534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    467671072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    467671072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     34265119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34265119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    501936191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    501936191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    501936191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    501936191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 620253.411141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 620253.411141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 901713.657895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901713.657895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 633757.816919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 633757.816919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 633757.816919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 633757.816919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              538.246481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              643362893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1193623.178108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.246481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.019626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       115857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        115857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       115857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         115857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       115857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        115857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13180004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13180004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13180004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13180004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13180004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13180004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       115874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       115874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       115874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       115874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       115874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       115874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 775294.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 775294.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 775294.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 775294.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 775294.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 775294.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10403357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10403357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10403357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10403357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10403357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10403357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 800258.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800258.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 800258.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800258.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 800258.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800258.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              150633828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             211267.640954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   142.495310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   113.504690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.556622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.443378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       157999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        157999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       193728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         193728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       193728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        193728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    734625176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    734625176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    734625176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    734625176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    734625176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    734625176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       159644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       159644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        35729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       195373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       195373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       195373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       195373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 446580.654103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446580.654103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 446580.654103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446580.654103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 446580.654103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446580.654103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    157299795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157299795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    157299795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157299795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    157299795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157299795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 344200.864333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344200.864333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 344200.864333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344200.864333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 344200.864333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344200.864333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              496.593456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              747244157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1503509.370221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.593456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.023387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       116880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       116880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         116880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       116880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        116880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15655426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15655426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15655426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15655426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15655426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15655426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       116899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       116899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       116899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       116899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       116899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 823969.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823969.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 823969.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823969.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 823969.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823969.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11222521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11222521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11222521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11222521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11222521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11222521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 748168.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748168.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 748168.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748168.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 748168.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748168.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              117744798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             164908.680672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   157.121103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    98.878897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.613754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.386246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        80397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        67367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       147764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         147764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       147764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        147764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    548616350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    548616350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56070755                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     56070755                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    604687105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    604687105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    604687105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    604687105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        81997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        67466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       149463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       149463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 342885.218750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342885.218750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 566371.262626                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 566371.262626                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 355907.654503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 355907.654503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 355907.654503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 355907.654503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1319232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       439744                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1239                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1239                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    127093229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127093229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    127093229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127093229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    127093229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127093229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 276289.628261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 276289.628261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 276289.628261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 276289.628261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 276289.628261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 276289.628261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              557.351062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              765681090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1372188.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.351062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.022998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       105073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        105073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       105073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         105073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       105073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        105073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18650610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18650610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18650610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18650610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18650610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18650610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       105093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       105093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       105093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       105093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       105093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 932530.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932530.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 932530.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932530.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 932530.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932530.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14597278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14597278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14597278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14597278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14597278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14597278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 973151.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 973151.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 973151.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 973151.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 973151.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 973151.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              287935019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             298378.258031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   101.416216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   154.583784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.396157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.603843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       268786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        268786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       146420                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       146420                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       415206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         415206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       415206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        415206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1411832321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1411832321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1411832321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1411832321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1411832321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1411832321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       271419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       271419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       146420                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       146420                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       417839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       417839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       417839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       417839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 536206.730346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 536206.730346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 536206.730346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 536206.730346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 536206.730346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 536206.730346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    374469529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    374469529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    374469529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    374469529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    374469529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    374469529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 526680.068917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 526680.068917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 526680.068917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 526680.068917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 526680.068917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 526680.068917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              472.554602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750129766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1553063.697723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    17.554602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.028132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       121799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       121799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         121799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       121799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        121799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    153239866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153239866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    153239866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    153239866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    153239866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    153239866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       121840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       121840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       121840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       121840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       121840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3737557.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3737557.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3737557.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3737557.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3737557.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3737557.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2762545                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1381272.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92503783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92503783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92503783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92503783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92503783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92503783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3303706.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3303706.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3303706.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3303706.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3303706.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3303706.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              108893020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             181791.352254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   117.376739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   138.623261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.458503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.541497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        96149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        70392                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70392                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       166541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         166541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       166541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        166541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    196346940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    196346940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       993263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    197340203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    197340203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    197340203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    197340203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        96995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       167399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       167399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 232088.581560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 232088.581560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82771.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82771.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 230000.236597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 230000.236597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 230000.236597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 230000.236597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91279239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91279239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       208431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91487670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91487670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91487670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91487670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 268468.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268468.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        69477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 266727.900875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266727.900875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 266727.900875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266727.900875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              538.247058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              643363064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1193623.495362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.247058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.019627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       116028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       116028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         116028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       116028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        116028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13819248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13819248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13819248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13819248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13819248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13819248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       116045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       116045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       116045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       116045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       116045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 812896.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 812896.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 812896.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 812896.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 812896.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 812896.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11588967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11588967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11588967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11588967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11588967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11588967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       891459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       891459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       891459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       891459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       891459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       891459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              150634058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             210972.070028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   141.264935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   114.735065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.551816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.448184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       158202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        158202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       193958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         193958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       193958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        193958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    682883109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    682883109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    682883109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    682883109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    682883109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    682883109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       159855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       159855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        35756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       195611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       195611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       195611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       195611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 413117.428312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 413117.428312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 413117.428312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 413117.428312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 413117.428312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 413117.428312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1195                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1195                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150230380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150230380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150230380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150230380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150230380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150230380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328013.930131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328013.930131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328013.930131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328013.930131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328013.930131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328013.930131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
