
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001105                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1105127562                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391204441299                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 377187                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   493193                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36372                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753896                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30384.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11460487367                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14985218714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        41728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        41728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        19584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        63104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               457472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       194560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            194560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     19458387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20037506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     56521982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20037506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     37758537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     18068502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     19805858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17952679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     17721031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     57101101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               413954023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           33241411                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         176052075                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              176052075                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         176052075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     19458387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20037506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     56521982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20037506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     37758537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     18068502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     19805858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17952679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     17721031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     57101101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              590006097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180956                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162850                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9799                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1899896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1132638                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180956                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         36067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       262289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2186700     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7754      0.32%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16661      0.69%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6896      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36028      1.49%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32620      1.35%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6341      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13397      0.56%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103703      4.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.427380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1878670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       283914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1327552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1881938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        241331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        31889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        10474                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1325743                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         4540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         3337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1003                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1566399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6236383                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6236383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         217422                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           24240                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308689                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1321016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256721                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       309402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.521439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1956810     81.19%     81.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139281      5.78%     86.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112339      4.66%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48691      2.02%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60303      2.50%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56308      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32159      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2689      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1520      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3096     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23700     86.15%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          713      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792986     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10992      0.87%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298590     23.76%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154078     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256721                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.474201                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021890                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4952223                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1446703                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15990                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1784                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        234285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1321177                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308689                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5802                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163202                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154028                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1244078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1243971                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673809                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1335462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.504551                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145780                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1956257     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       159003      6.66%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73909      3.10%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72106      3.02%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19791      0.83%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82275      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6437      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4654      0.20%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11335      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        11335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3695770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2667018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 42116                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                240087                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.650187                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.650187                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.377332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.377332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6152649                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1451307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1570171                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         232281                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193557                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22737                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87939                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82587                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24453                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1012                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2005991                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1273484                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            232281                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       107040                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              264243                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         64341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       154282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2795                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          126190                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21647                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.004474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2204513     89.30%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          15858      0.64%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20095      0.81%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          32105      1.30%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          13477      0.55%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          17402      0.70%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          20028      0.81%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9452      0.38%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         135826      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2468756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.087647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.480526                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1996983                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       167577                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          262844                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        41176                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        35018                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1555348                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        41176                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1999606                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles          6121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       155221                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          260375                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         6256                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1544480                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2157317                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7177338                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7177338                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1769825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         387492                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          373                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          197                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           23467                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       146013                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        74682                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        16597                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1505764                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1433104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1814                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203508                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429967                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1863432     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       274706     11.13%     86.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112808      4.57%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63794      2.58%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85736      3.47%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27179      1.10%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26289      1.06%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13669      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1143      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10031     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1399     11.00%     89.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1286     10.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1207497     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19464      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131653      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74315      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1433104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.540756                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12716                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5349494                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709666                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1393479                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1445820                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30869                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        41176                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles          4609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1506139                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146013                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74682                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          506                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12676                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13388                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        26064                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1406454                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129006                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             203286                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         198392                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            74280                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.530700                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1393519                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1393479                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          835109                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2243221                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.525804                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372281                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1029701                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1269029                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237121                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        22713                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1890229     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       272603     11.23%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98723      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49215      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44869      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19039      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18800      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8952      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25150      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1029701                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1269029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               188308                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              115144                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           183996                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1142525                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        26231                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        25150                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3908567                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3053481                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 32192                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                181431                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1029701                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1269029                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1029701                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.573744                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.573744                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.388539                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.388539                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6326351                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1949012                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1436940                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         231994                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193329                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22711                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87828                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82483                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24418                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1010                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2003337                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1271950                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            231994                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       106901                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              263925                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         64272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       157400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          108                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          126026                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21620                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.633744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2204470     89.31%     89.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          15846      0.64%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20070      0.81%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          32064      1.30%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          13460      0.55%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          17378      0.70%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          19999      0.81%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           9436      0.38%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         135672      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2468395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.087539                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.479947                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1993878                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       170682                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          262523                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          178                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        41133                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        34970                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1553457                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        41133                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1996498                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          6119                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       158332                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          260061                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6251                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1542601                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2154718                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7168655                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7168655                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1767644                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         387068                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          373                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          197                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           23430                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       145845                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        74595                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        16573                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1503971                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1431360                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1810                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203329                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429661                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1863797     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       274387     11.12%     86.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112672      4.56%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63709      2.58%     93.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85640      3.47%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27135      1.10%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26259      1.06%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13655      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1141      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10020     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1397     11.00%     89.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1286     10.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1206024     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19436      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131499      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74226      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1431360                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.540098                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12703                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008875                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5345628                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1707694                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1391783                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1444063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30839                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        41133                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          4607                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          576                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1504346                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145845                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74595                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          507                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12658                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13377                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        26035                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1404748                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128855                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26612                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             203048                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         198146                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            74193                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.530056                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1391824                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1391783                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          834110                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2240665                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.525164                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372260                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1028432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1267452                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236899                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        22687                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1890596     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       272250     11.22%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98602      4.06%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49140      2.02%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44821      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19011      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18779      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8939      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25124      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1028432                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1267452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               188082                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              115005                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           183764                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1141089                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        26189                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        25124                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3906476                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3049846                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 32154                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                181792                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1028432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1267452                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1028432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.576920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.576920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.388060                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.388060                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6318677                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1946674                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1435209                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         192865                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158151                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20826                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79009                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73476                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19436                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          926                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1850601                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1100800                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            192865                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        92912                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              240940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         59572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       195482                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          115621                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20568                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2325445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2084505     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          25550      1.10%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          30373      1.31%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          16284      0.70%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          18048      0.78%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          10964      0.47%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7043      0.30%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          18660      0.80%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         114018      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2325445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.072774                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.415367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1834827                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       211862                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          238650                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2084                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        38019                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        31098                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1342496                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2095                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        38019                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1838317                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         20571                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       182440                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          237288                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8807                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1340754                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4303                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1866397                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6239318                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6239318                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1563884                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         302513                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           25432                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       128451                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        68961                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1742                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        14700                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1337217                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256040                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1625                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182743                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       424762                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           44                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2325445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.233535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1795779     77.22%     77.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       213197      9.17%     86.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114431      4.92%     91.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79888      3.44%     94.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68892      2.96%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34719      1.49%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8776      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5606      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4157      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2325445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           327     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1168     42.83%     54.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1232     45.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1052096     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19438      1.55%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116089      9.24%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68265      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256040                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.473944                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2727                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4841877                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1520357                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1232850                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1258767                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3162                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24708                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1853                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           76                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        38019                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         16131                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1184                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1337577                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128451                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68961                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          843                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11418                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12109                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        23527                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1235595                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       108921                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20445                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             177144                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         172301                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            68223                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.466229                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1232949                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1232850                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          734263                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1921015                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.465194                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382227                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       918334                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1126823                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210764                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        20752                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2287426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1826122     79.83%     79.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       214474      9.38%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89811      3.93%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53692      2.35%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36870      1.61%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24049      1.05%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12686      0.55%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9966      0.44%     99.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19756      0.86%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2287426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       918334                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1126823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               170851                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              103743                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           161307                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1015832                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        22922                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        19756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3605244                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2713200                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 30405                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                324742                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            918334                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1126823                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       918334                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.885864                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.885864                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.346517                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.346517                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5572334                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1714339                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1251987                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         194399                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159463                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20898                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79765                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74049                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19573                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          924                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1863794                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1108812                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            194399                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        93622                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              242700                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         59648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       181231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          116352                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20640                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2326146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2083446     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          25781      1.11%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          30560      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          16344      0.70%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          18377      0.79%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          10976      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7149      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18744      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         114769      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2326146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073353                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.418390                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1847806                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       197836                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          240409                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        38017                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        31287                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1351828                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2093                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        38017                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1851267                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         19633                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       169164                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          239064                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8998                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1349980                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1879282                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6282846                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6282846                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1576886                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         302369                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           25368                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       129142                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        69454                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1730                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        14636                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1346280                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1264299                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1636                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       426034                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2326146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1792313     77.05%     77.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215293      9.26%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115338      4.96%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80493      3.46%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69266      2.98%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34851      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8782      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5640      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4170      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2326146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1147     41.59%     53.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1276     46.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1059382     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19589      1.55%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116423      9.21%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68752      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1264299                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477060                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2758                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002181                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4859135                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1529359                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1241607                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1267057                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3276                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24542                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1780                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        38017                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         15204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1223                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1346646                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129142                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69454                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          810                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12159                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        23617                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1244027                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109487                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             178204                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         173638                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            68717                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.469411                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1241711                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1241607                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          739521                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1935538                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.468498                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382075                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       926075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210458                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          313                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        20827                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2288129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1823131     79.68%     79.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216095      9.44%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90537      3.96%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54103      2.36%     95.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37345      1.63%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24176      1.06%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12737      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10006      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19999      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2288129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       926075                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1136194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               172274                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              104600                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           162623                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1024280                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        23100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        19999                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3614769                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2731342                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 30642                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                324041                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            926075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1136194                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       926075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.861741                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.861741                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.349438                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.349438                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5611185                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1726508                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1261197                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          312                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         204050                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167127                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82654                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78374                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20692                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1954574                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1143648                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            204050                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        99066                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              237703                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         59738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       115022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          121034                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21283                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2107648     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          11087      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          17368      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          23274      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          24299      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          20602      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          11121      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          17152      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         112800      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2345351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.076995                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431535                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1934405                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       135607                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          237071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        37886                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        33295                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1402053                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        37886                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1940156                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         20340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       102743                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          231686                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1400287                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1955843                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6512069                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6512069                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1662084                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         293759                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           39436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       131672                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        69915                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15603                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1396945                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1315343                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173690                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425019                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1790571     76.35%     76.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227033      9.68%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115299      4.92%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87869      3.75%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68687      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27714      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17784      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9069      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1325      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.07%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          851     36.24%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1106934     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19632      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118980      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69634      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1315343                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.496321                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001785                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4978645                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1570970                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1293722                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1317691                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2693                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23742                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1254                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        37886                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         17296                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1275                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1397273                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131672                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69915                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1081                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11758                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12603                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24361                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1295673                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111834                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             181454                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         183615                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            69620                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.488899                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1293788                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1293722                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          743894                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2005988                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.488163                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370837                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       968966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1192311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       204967                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21515                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2307465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1818655     78.82%     78.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242011     10.49%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91793      3.98%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43467      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36416      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21329      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19032      0.82%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8284      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26478      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2307465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       968966                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1192311                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               176591                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              107930                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           171969                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1074220                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        24551                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        26478                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3678265                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2832446                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 31265                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                304836                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            968966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1192311                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       968966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.735067                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.735067                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.365622                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.365622                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5829737                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1804136                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1298242                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         151531                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       123582                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16508                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        62179                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57611                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14883                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          712                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1465066                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts               895213                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            151531                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        72494                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              183678                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         51682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       163062                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines           91952                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16473                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      1846394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.589940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1662716     90.05%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           9638      0.52%     90.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          15434      0.84%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          22893      1.24%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4           9705      0.53%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          11399      0.62%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          12066      0.65%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8478      0.46%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          94065      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      1846394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.057177                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.337792                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1446435                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       182322                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          182147                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1185                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        34302                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        24543                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1085494                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        34302                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1450165                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         51922                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       118942                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          179706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        11354                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1082707                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2308                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5882                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          665                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1481709                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5044843                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5044843                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1212219                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         269490                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          244                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           33583                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       110396                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        60436                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2974                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        11502                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1078432                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1002415                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1863                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171532                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       401951                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1846394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.230213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1418180     76.81%     76.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       174335      9.44%     86.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95985      5.20%     91.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63266      3.43%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57017      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17698      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12509      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4532      0.25%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2872      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1846394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           297     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1034     41.74%     53.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1146     46.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       825472     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18352      1.83%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          111      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99510      9.93%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58970      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1002415                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.378243                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2477                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002471                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3855564                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1250268                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       983554                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1004892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4573                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24538                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4266                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          791                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        34302                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         38436                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1415                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1078675                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       110396                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60436                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          742                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           75                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8827                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10220                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        19047                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts       987473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        94051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14942                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             152914                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         133846                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            58863                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.372605                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent               983658                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count              983554                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          582366                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1476838                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.371126                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       726083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       885623                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193844                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16762                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1812092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.332481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1452695     80.17%     80.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       171379      9.46%     89.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70957      3.92%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36395      2.01%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27097      1.50%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15499      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9705      0.54%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7888      0.44%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20477      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1812092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       726083                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       885623                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               142028                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads               85858                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           122988                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          800731                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        17286                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        20477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            2871082                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2193243                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 26619                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                803793                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            726083                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              885623                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       726083                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.649978                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.649978                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.273974                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.273974                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        4481124                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1345464                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1027373                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         194351                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159352                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20992                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79661                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74070                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19633                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1867266                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1109591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            194351                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        93703                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              242728                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         60037                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       182919                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          116628                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20758                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2331590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2088862     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          25692      1.10%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          30396      1.30%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          16434      0.70%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          18296      0.78%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          10936      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7302      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          18906      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         114766      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2331590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.418684                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1851112                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       199697                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          240505                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2000                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        38273                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        31339                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1353139                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        38273                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1854557                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         20687                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       170068                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          239075                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8927                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1351280                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1880537                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6288531                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6288531                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1576707                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         303830                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          357                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           25404                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       129690                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        69568                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1749                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        14707                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1347382                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          360                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1265354                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1734                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183961                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429289                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2331590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1797337     77.09%     77.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215647      9.25%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115255      4.94%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80341      3.45%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69513      2.98%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34929      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8676      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5715      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4177      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2331590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1175     42.63%     55.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1239     44.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1059710     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19602      1.55%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117062      9.25%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68827      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1265354                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477458                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2756                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002178                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4866788                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1531746                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1242167                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1268110                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3236                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25103                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1902                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           45                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        38273                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         16178                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1220                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1347750                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129690                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69568                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          204                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          822                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11518                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12179                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        23697                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1244953                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109845                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20401                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             178634                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         173574                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            68789                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.469760                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1242267                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1242167                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          739670                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1935291                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.468709                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382201                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       925969                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211708                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          313                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        20929                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2293317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1828321     79.72%     79.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216155      9.43%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90632      3.95%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53959      2.35%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37304      1.63%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24155      1.05%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12767      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10016      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20008      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2293317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       925969                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1136065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               172253                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              104587                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           162607                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1024161                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        23096                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        20008                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3621069                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2733825                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 30765                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                318597                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            925969                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1136065                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       925969                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.862069                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.862069                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.349398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.349398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5614741                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1727070                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1262044                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          312                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         204421                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167448                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21482                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82800                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78514                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20728                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1957901                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1145739                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            204421                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        99242                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              238136                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         59881                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       111014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          121250                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21327                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2107063     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          11107      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          17393      0.74%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          23321      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          24346      1.04%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          20633      0.88%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          11147      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          17180      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         113009      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2345199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077135                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.432324                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1937708                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       131624                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          237503                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        37981                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        33343                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1404624                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        37981                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1943473                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         20424                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        98663                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          232105                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        12551                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1402843                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1959481                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6523923                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6523923                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1664856                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         294582                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           39513                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       131912                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        70017                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        15636                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1399490                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1317626                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174204                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       426274                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1789511     76.31%     76.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227364      9.69%     86.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115491      4.92%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88027      3.75%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68810      2.93%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27766      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17808      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9095      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1327      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           308     13.12%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.20%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1108867     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19672      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119190      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69734      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1317626                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.497182                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4983058                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1574029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1295960                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1319974                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23808                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        37981                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         17372                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1285                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1399818                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131912                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70017                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1089                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11782                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12628                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24410                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1297914                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112023                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19711                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             181743                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         183921                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            69720                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.489744                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1296026                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1295960                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          745177                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2009425                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.489007                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.370841                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       970568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1194283                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205524                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        21561                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2307218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1817632     78.78%     78.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242379     10.51%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91938      3.98%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43550      1.89%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36457      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21363      0.93%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19078      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8301      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26520      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2307218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       970568                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1194283                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               176863                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              108104                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           172257                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1075985                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        24588                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        26520                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3680505                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2837623                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 31321                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                304988                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            970568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1194283                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       970568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.730553                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.730553                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.366226                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.366226                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5839817                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1807330                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1300568                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         181129                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162997                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11333                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        69714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62860                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9808                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          515                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1901002                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1133687                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            181129                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        72668                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              223592                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         36222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       249579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          110861                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11205                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2398808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.555117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.862278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2175216     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           7729      0.32%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          16720      0.70%     91.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           6904      0.29%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          36046      1.50%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          32634      1.36%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           6334      0.26%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          13420      0.56%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         103805      4.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2398808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.427776                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1880916                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       270068                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          222592                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        24453                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        16116                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1328739                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        24453                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1884129                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        233248                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        26461                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          220357                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        10152                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1326891                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         4283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3259                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1009                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1568162                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6241548                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6241548                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1349459                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         218703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           23722                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       308745                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       154907                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1373                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         7476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1322129                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1257462                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1168                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       126187                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310988                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2398808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.311365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1945087     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139187      5.80%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112416      4.69%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        49229      2.05%     93.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60648      2.53%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56012      2.33%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32014      1.33%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2700      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1515      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2398808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3089     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23543     86.12%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          707      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       793653     63.12%     63.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11015      0.88%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298607     23.75%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154112     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1257462                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.474480                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27339                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021741                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4942239                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1448524                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1244722                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2286                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16021                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1803                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        24453                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        226515                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1322290                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308745                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154907                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1564                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5812                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7095                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        12907                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1247396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297570                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10066                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             451629                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         163309                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           154059                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.470682                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1244830                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1244722                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          674240                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1335989                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.469673                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.504675                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000279                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175895                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       146559                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        11369                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2374355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1944541     81.90%     81.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       159100      6.70%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        74042      3.12%     91.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72186      3.04%     94.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19911      0.84%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82191      3.46%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6436      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4646      0.20%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11302      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2374355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1000279                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1175895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               445828                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              292724                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           155407                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1045694                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        11464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        11302                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3685507                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2669367                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 41999                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                251379                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1000279                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1175895                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1000279                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.649448                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.649448                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.377437                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.377437                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6155893                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1452429                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1571295                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         186318                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166434                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16330                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123695                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         120318                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          502                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1965929                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1062274                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            186318                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       130970                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              235347                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         53917                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        62996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          120260                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15835                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2301777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.515958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2066430     89.78%     89.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          36102      1.57%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17645      0.77%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          35440      1.54%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          10412      0.45%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          33107      1.44%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           4959      0.22%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           8484      0.37%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          89198      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2301777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070304                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.400830                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1952712                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        76928                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          234733                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          247                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37151                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        17075                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          354                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1183180                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1560                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37151                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1954580                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         47567                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        24184                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          232916                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         5373                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1180614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         3875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1542980                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5344705                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5344705                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1220513                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         322453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           75                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           14563                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       217810                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        33173                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          275                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         7068                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1172867                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1087112                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          948                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       232312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       494306                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2301777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1828503     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       144097      6.26%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161503      7.02%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92615      4.02%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48207      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12699      0.55%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13513      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          357      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          283      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2301777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1821     57.39%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          736     23.20%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          616     19.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       849408     78.13%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8148      0.75%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196770     18.10%     96.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32712      3.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1087112                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.410202                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3173                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002919                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4480122                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1405336                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1057040                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1090285                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          904                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47925                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1318                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37151                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         42343                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          696                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1173016                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           43                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217810                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33173                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           75                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          400                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9997                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7159                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        17156                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1072432                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193761                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             226465                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         162871                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            32704                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.404663                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1057520                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1057040                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          640543                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1379997                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.398855                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.464163                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       837466                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       938426                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234651                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16052                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2264626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.280984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1917142     84.66%     84.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       134992      5.96%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87891      3.88%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27594      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47137      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8727      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5686      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5085      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30372      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2264626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       837466                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       938426                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               201737                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              169882                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           144325                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          818931                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        11364                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        30372                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3407331                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2383328                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 45668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                348410                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            837466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              938426                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       837466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.164531                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.164531                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.316003                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.316003                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        4989661                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1374046                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1260886                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         193690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158786                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20886                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79376                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73654                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19580                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          927                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1856288                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1105609                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            193690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        93234                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              241927                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         59787                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       187841                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          116034                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20629                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2324630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2082703     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          25721      1.11%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          30281      1.30%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          16380      0.70%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          18225      0.78%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          10858      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7206      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          18870      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         114386      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2324630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073085                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.417182                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1840221                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       204522                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          239600                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2114                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        38170                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        31261                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1348322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        38170                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1843724                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         18412                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       177041                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          238253                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         9027                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1346507                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2021                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1874095                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6267109                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6267109                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1570054                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         304028                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           25490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       128956                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        69330                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1758                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        14774                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1342893                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1260841                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184033                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428541                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2324630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1792879     77.13%     77.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214106      9.21%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114807      4.94%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80169      3.45%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69279      2.98%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34806      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8801      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5602      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4181      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2324630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           331     12.11%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1174     42.94%     55.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1229     44.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056110     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19545      1.55%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116387      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68647      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1260841                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.475755                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2734                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002168                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4850703                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1527326                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1237749                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1263575                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3287                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24772                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1937                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        38170                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         14034                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1189                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1343256                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128956                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69330                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          793                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12141                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        23591                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1240318                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109162                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             177766                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         172933                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            68604                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.468012                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1237851                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1237749                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          737032                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1930319                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.467042                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381819                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       922038                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1131378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211882                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        20814                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2286460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1823599     79.76%     79.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215045      9.41%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90105      3.94%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53960      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37029      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24106      1.05%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12688      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9955      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19973      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2286460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       922038                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1131378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               171573                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              104182                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           161954                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1019960                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        23022                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        19973                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3609734                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2724706                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 30573                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                325557                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            922038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1131378                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       922038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.874271                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.874271                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.347914                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.347914                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5594117                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1720965                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1257503                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         204129                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167197                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21445                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82688                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78408                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20698                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1955264                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1144043                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            204129                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        99106                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              237790                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         59765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       116554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          121079                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21294                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2347677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2109887     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          11091      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17377      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          23286      0.99%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          24309      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          20606      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          11126      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          17157      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         112838      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2347677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077024                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.431684                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1935091                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       137143                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          237158                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        37903                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        33304                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1402540                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        37903                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1940843                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         23416                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       101207                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          231772                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12534                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1400774                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1956532                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6514307                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6514307                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1662642                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         293875                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           39438                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       131721                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        69929                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15603                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1397432                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1315800                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173766                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425170                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2347677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1792701     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227117      9.67%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115340      4.91%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87895      3.74%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68712      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27724      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17791      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9072      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1325      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2347677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.08%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.22%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1107337     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19632      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119020      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69648      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1315800                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.496493                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001784                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4981883                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1571533                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1294171                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1318147                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2693                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23754                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1254                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        37903                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         20368                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1279                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1397760                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131721                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69929                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11764                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12608                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24372                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1296128                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111874                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19671                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             181508                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         183684                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            69634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.489070                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1294237                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1294171                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          744147                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2006700                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.488332                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.370831                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       969293                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1192705                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205051                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        21525                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1820799     78.83%     78.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242093     10.48%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91824      3.98%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43487      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36429      1.58%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21330      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19036      0.82%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8287      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26489      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       969293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1192705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               176639                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              107964                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           172034                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1074562                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        24555                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        26489                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3681041                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2833428                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 31275                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                302510                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            969293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1192705                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       969293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.734144                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.734144                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.365745                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.365745                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5831746                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1804785                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1298670                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         187209                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167146                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16447                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123884                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         120596                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10742                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          516                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1972086                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1066245                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            187209                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       131338                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              236210                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         54250                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        59975                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          120694                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15940                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2305992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2069782     89.76%     89.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          36148      1.57%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          17843      0.77%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          35536      1.54%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          10455      0.45%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          33129      1.44%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           4971      0.22%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           8556      0.37%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8          89572      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2305992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070640                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.402328                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1959084                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        73713                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          235566                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          259                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37364                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        17256                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          357                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1187671                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1566                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37364                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1960939                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         48918                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        19589                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          233790                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         5386                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1185196                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          931                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1549453                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5365215                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5365215                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1224260                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         325177                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          148                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           14507                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       218263                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        33264                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          292                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         7151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1177483                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1091156                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1003                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233990                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497692                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2305992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1830994     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       144703      6.28%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161987      7.02%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92890      4.03%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48438      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12761      0.55%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13575      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          350      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          294      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2305992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1851     57.90%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          734     22.96%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          612     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       852652     78.14%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8192      0.75%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       197393     18.09%     96.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32845      3.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1091156                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.411728                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3197                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4492504                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1411631                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1060829                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1094353                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          901                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47999                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1257                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37364                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         43723                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          675                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1177631                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       218263                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33264                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          376                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10054                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7263                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        17317                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1076280                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       194250                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14876                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             227087                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         163489                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            32837                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.406115                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1061299                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1060829                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          642523                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1384995                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.400285                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.463917                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       839821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps       941278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236393                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        16165                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2268628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.281682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1919968     84.63%     84.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       135619      5.98%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88064      3.88%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27713      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47239      2.08%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8763      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5702      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5071      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30489      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2268628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       839821                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps       941278                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               202268                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              170261                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           144755                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          821493                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        11428                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        30489                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3415810                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2392735                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 45832                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                344195                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            839821                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps              941278                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       839821                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.155657                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.155657                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.316891                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.316891                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5006937                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1379190                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1265379                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         185736                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165963                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16320                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123225                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         119951                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10587                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1958349                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1058444                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            185736                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       130538                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              234444                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         53885                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        62519                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          119862                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15819                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2292795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.515803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2058351     89.77%     89.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          35972      1.57%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          17639      0.77%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          35375      1.54%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          10280      0.45%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          32996      1.44%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           4918      0.21%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           8465      0.37%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          88799      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2292795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070084                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.399385                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1945490                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        76110                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          233802                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        37130                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        17002                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1178114                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1559                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        37130                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1947330                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         51468                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        19481                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          232039                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         5341                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1175640                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         3815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1536492                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5320864                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5320864                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1213350                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         323100                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           14359                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       217166                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        32789                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          289                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         7038                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1167962                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1082104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          998                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       232585                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       494884                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2292795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.086746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1821751     79.46%     79.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143084      6.24%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161110      7.03%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92227      4.02%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        47961      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12622      0.55%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13405      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          345      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          290      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2292795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1835     58.03%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          723     22.87%     80.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          604     19.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845175     78.10%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8084      0.75%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           73      0.01%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196402     18.15%     97.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32370      2.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1082104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.408312                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3162                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4461162                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1400705                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1052005                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1085266                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          886                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47769                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        37130                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         46334                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1168110                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217166                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32789                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          375                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9990                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7197                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        17187                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1067380                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193279                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14723                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             225640                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         162163                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            32361                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.402756                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1052473                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1052005                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          637451                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1371242                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.396955                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.464871                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       833267                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       933196                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234939                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16042                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2255665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.280621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1910349     84.69%     84.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       134096      5.94%     90.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87295      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27407      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46912      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8645      0.38%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5630      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5012      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30319      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2255665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       833267                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       933196                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               200934                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              169394                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           143534                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          814238                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        11250                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        30319                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3393481                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2373442                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 45587                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                357392                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            833267                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              933196                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       833267                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.180478                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.180478                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.314418                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.314418                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        4966716                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1367327                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1256368                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2648996                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         152094                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       123882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16542                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        62441                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57688                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          15026                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          721                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1474207                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts               899648                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            152094                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        72714                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              184551                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         51777                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       164044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines           92502                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16512                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      1857445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.589360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1672894     90.06%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           9663      0.52%     90.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          15453      0.83%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          22959      1.24%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4           9779      0.53%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          11657      0.63%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          11976      0.64%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           8512      0.46%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          94552      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      1857445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.057416                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.339618                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1455331                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       183548                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          183041                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1165                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        34357                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        24782                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1090926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        34357                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1459072                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         53990                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       117948                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          180555                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        11520                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1087976                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          788                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1488666                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5070692                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5070692                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1218986                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         269617                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           33944                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       110835                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        60884                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3068                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        11630                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1083674                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          241                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1008625                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1801                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       170827                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       398028                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1857445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.230811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1427002     76.83%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       175014      9.42%     86.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        96499      5.20%     91.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63373      3.41%     94.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57591      3.10%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17923      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12661      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4507      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2875      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1857445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           300     12.13%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1034     41.81%     53.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1139     46.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       830279     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18520      1.84%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          111      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       100269      9.94%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        59446      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1008625                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.380757                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2473                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002452                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3878969                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1254804                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       989673                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1011098                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4726                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24483                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4392                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          808                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        34357                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         44213                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1353                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1083915                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           36                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       110835                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60884                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          703                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8818                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10239                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        19057                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts       993605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        94865                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             154179                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         134713                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            59314                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.375087                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent               989779                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count              989673                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          586260                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1486206                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.373603                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.394468                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       730122                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       890589                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       194154                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        16800                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1823088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.332448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1461761     80.18%     80.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       172318      9.45%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        71309      3.91%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36451      2.00%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27387      1.50%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15594      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9710      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7942      0.44%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20616      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1823088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       730122                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       890589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               142798                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads               86335                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           123693                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          805233                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        17397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        20616                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            2887215                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2203933                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 26819                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                791551                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            730122                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              890589                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       730122                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.628155                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.628155                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.275622                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.275622                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        4509699                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1353244                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1032968                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          340                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         112041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        46.918342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.133603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   173.548639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1855.317758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.084741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.905917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 340                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     309804429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      309804429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     309804429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.466392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.871166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 911189.497059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.871166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 911189.497059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.871166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 911189.497059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834602.496933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823386.261765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834602.496933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823386.261765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834602.496933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823386.261765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.029458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.029458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    21.211084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    32.168520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1951.620397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.010357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.015707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.952940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    103816811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     61683491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     165500302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    103816811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     61683491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      165500302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    103816811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     61683491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     165500302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3707743.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 868781.563380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1671720.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3707743.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 868781.563380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1671720.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3707743.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 868781.563380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1671720.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101357599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     55449080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156806679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101357599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     55449080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156806679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101357599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     55449080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156806679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3619914.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 780972.957746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1583905.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3619914.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 780972.957746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1583905.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3619914.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 780972.957746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1583905.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.027125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.027125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    21.208307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    32.176736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1951.614957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.010356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.015711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.952937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    113807025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     66292888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     180099913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    113807025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     66292888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      180099913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    113807025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     66292888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     180099913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 4064536.607143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 933702.647887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1819191.040404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 4064536.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 933702.647887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1819191.040404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 4064536.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 933702.647887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1819191.040404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111348625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     60059088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171407713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111348625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     60059088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    171407713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111348625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     60059088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    171407713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3976736.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 845902.647887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1731391.040404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3976736.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 845902.647887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1731391.040404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3976736.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 845902.647887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1731391.040404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          193                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2046.776293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         132706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        59.217314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.211526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    18.532021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    83.956993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1864.075754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.009049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.040995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.910193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          372                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 192                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47358325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    165396367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     212754692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47358325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    165396367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      212754692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47358325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    165396367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     212754692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.312849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.341637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.311111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.339823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.311111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.339823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1973263.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 984502.184524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1108097.354167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1973263.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 984502.184524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1108097.354167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1973263.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 984502.184524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1108097.354167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                114                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     114                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     45251125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    150645344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195896469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     45251125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    150645344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    195896469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     45251125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    150645344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    195896469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.312849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.311111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.311111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1885463.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 896698.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020294.109375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1885463.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 896698.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020294.109375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1885463.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 896698.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020294.109375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          198                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2046.790245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         132715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        59.089492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.174885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    18.577418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    84.787917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1863.250026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.041400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.909790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          379                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   380                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 197                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53956224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    174084056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     228040280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53956224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    174084056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      228040280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53956224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    174084056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     228040280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.343206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.313406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.341421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.313406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.341421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2248176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1006266.219653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1157564.873096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2248176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1006266.219653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1157564.873096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2248176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1006266.219653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1157564.873096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                118                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     118                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51848025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158891218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210739243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51848025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158891218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210739243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51848025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158891218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210739243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.313406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.313406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2160334.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918446.346821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1069742.350254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2160334.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918446.346821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1069742.350254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2160334.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918446.346821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1069742.350254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.088792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         115814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        53.052680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.088792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.626500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    60.601533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1944.771968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.029591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.949596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12573311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98156430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     110729741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12573311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98156430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      110729741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12573311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98156430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     110729741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 898093.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811210.165289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820220.303704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 898093.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811210.165289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820220.303704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 898093.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811210.165289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820220.303704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11344111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87532630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98876741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11344111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87532630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98876741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11344111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87532630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98876741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 810293.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723410.165289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732420.303704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 810293.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723410.165289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732420.303704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 810293.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723410.165289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732420.303704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          507                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2043.566346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          86014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        33.704545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks         121.017213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.213822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   221.500509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1688.834802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.059090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.108155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.824626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.997835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            366                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 366                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          318                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   318                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 501                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11237345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    445671570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     456908915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31474692                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31474692                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11237345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    477146262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      488383607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11237345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    477146262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     488383607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          366                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             366                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.585938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.592830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.605459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.611722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.605459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.611722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 864411.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 990381.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 986844.308855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 828281.368421                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828281.368421                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 864411.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 977758.733607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 974817.578842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 864411.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 977758.733607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 974817.578842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                268                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     268                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10095945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    406151395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    416247340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     28137411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28137411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10095945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    434288806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    444384751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10095945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    434288806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    444384751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.585938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.592830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.605459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.605459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 776611.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 902558.655556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 899022.332613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 740458.184211                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740458.184211                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 776611.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 889936.077869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 886995.510978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 776611.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 889936.077869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 886995.510978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          198                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2046.790544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         132715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        59.089492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.173850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    18.582375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    84.799291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1863.235028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.009073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.041406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.909783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          380                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   381                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 197                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     48334372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    169075632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     217410004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     48334372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    169075632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      217410004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     48334372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    169075632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     217410004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.314545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.342609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.312839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.340830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.312839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.340830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2013932.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 977315.791908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1103604.081218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2013932.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 977315.791908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1103604.081218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2013932.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 977315.791908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1103604.081218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                118                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     118                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     46227172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    153882809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200109981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     46227172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    153882809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200109981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     46227172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    153882809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200109981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.314545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.312839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.312839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1926132.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 889496.005780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015786.705584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1926132.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 889496.005780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015786.705584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1926132.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 889496.005780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015786.705584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.088360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         115815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        53.053138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.088360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.626722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    60.589321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1944.783957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.029585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.949602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11832046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     97108834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     108940880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11832046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     97108834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      108940880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11832046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     97108834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     108940880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.328467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 845146.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 802552.347107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 806969.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 845146.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 802552.347107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 806969.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 845146.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 802552.347107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 806969.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10602846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     86481680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97084526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10602846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     86481680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97084526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10602846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     86481680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97084526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 757346.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 714724.628099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719144.637037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 757346.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 714724.628099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719144.637037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 757346.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 714724.628099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719144.637037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          340                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         112040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        46.917923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.141094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   173.597638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1855.261267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.084764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.905889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            117                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 117                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          389                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   389                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          326                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 340                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13013348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    298674350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     311687698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13013348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    298674350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      311687698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13013348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    298674350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     311687698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          117                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             117                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.466392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 929524.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 916178.987730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 916728.523529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 929524.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 916178.987730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 916728.523529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 929524.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 916178.987730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 916728.523529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11778701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    269926589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    281705290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11778701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    269926589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    281705290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11778701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    269926589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    281705290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 841335.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 827995.671779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 828544.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 841335.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 827995.671779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 828544.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 841335.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 827995.671779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 828544.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          169                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          47127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        21.257104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.065611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    85.209308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1916.725081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.005891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.041606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.935901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 169                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9842159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123702451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     133544610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9842159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123702451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      133544610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9842159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123702451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     133544610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.379775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.379775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.379775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 757089.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 792964.429487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 790204.792899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 757089.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 792964.429487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 790204.792899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 757089.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 792964.429487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 790204.792899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8700759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110005651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118706410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8700759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110005651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118706410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8700759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110005651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118706410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 669289.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 705164.429487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702404.792899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 669289.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 705164.429487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702404.792899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 669289.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 705164.429487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702404.792899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          196                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2046.790072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         132710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        59.139929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.192912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.569970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    84.515466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1863.511724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.009067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.041267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.909918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          375                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   376                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 195                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49449652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    163730441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     213180093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49449652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    163730441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      213180093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49449652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    163730441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     213180093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.314917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.343310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.313187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.341506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.313187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.341506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2060402.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957487.959064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1093231.246154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2060402.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957487.959064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1093231.246154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2060402.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957487.959064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1093231.246154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                116                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     116                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     47339821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    148711452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196051273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     47339821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    148711452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    196051273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     47339821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    148711452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    196051273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.314917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.313187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.313187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1972492.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 869657.614035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1005391.143590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1972492.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 869657.614035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1005391.143590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1972492.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 869657.614035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1005391.143590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.083147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         115814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        53.052680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.083147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.626425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    60.534907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1944.838668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.029558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.949628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11633244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     98978329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     110611573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11633244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     98978329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      110611573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11633244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     98978329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     110611573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       830946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 818002.719008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819344.985185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       830946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 818002.719008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819344.985185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       830946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 818002.719008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819344.985185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10404044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     88354009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98758053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10404044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     88354009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98758053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10404044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     88354009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98758053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       743146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 730198.421488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731541.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       743146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 730198.421488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731541.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       743146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 730198.421488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731541.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          168                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                          47129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        21.267599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.065995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    85.218864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1916.715140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.005892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.041611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.935896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          278                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   278                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 168                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9771892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    118381416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     128153308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9771892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    118381416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      128153308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9771892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    118381416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     128153308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.376682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.376682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       751684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 763751.070968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 762817.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       751684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 763751.070968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 762817.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       751684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 763751.070968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 762817.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8630492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    104770942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113401434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8630492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    104770942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    113401434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8630492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    104770942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113401434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       663884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 675941.561290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 675008.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       663884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 675941.561290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 675008.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       663884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 675941.561290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 675008.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          166                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          47126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        21.285456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.058919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    84.133133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1917.807948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.005888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.041081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.936430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             42                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  42                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 166                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9152995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    125495998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     134648993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9152995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    125495998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      134648993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9152995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    125495998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     134648993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           42                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              42                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.356643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.375566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.356643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.356643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 704076.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 820235.281046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811138.512048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 704076.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 820235.281046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811138.512048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 704076.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 820235.281046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811138.512048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8011135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    112059318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120070453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8011135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    112059318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120070453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8011135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    112059318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120070453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.356643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.356643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.356643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 616241.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 732413.843137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723315.981928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 616241.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 732413.843137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723315.981928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 616241.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 732413.843137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723315.981928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          514                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2043.757614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          86024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        33.616256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks         121.899768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.215433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   221.262251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1688.380161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.059521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.005965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.108038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.824404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.997929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            371                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 371                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          494                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 507                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11738681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    441064360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     452803041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     33924688                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33924688                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11738681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    474989048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      486727729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11738681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    474989048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     486727729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          371                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             371                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.583867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.603175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.609375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.603175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.609375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 902975.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 967246.403509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 965464.906183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 892754.947368                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 892754.947368                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 902975.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 961516.291498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 960015.244576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 902975.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 961516.291498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 960015.244576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                273                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     273                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10597281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    401107937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    411705218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     30587925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30587925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10597281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    431695862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    442293143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10597281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    431695862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    442293143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.583867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.603175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.603175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 815175.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 879622.668860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877836.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 804945.394737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 804945.394737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 815175.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 873878.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872373.063116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 815175.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 873878.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872373.063116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.132490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.991023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.132490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.021046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             289630.529351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.466929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.533071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.392449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.607551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1310826712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1310826712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1310826712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.409714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.409714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.409714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.409714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.409714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.409714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461338.114685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461338.114685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461338.114685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461338.114685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461338.114685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461338.114685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              477.411756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              735286989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1516055.647423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.411756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.035916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         126148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        126148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    152163383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152163383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    152163383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    152163383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    152163383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    152163383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       126189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       126189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3711302.024390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3711302.024390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3711302.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3711302.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3711302.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3711302.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2878394                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 959464.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    104178625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104178625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    104178625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104178625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    104178625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104178625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3472620.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3472620.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3472620.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3472620.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3472620.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3472620.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              106637887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             173677.340391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   131.502961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   124.497039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.513683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.486317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        99007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        72796                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72796                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       171803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         171803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       171803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        171803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    195264573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195264573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       542840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    195807413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195807413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    195807413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195807413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        99931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       172734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       172734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 211325.295455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 211325.295455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 77548.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77548.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 210319.455424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 210319.455424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 210319.455424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 210319.455424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     80715702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80715702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       133385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     80849087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80849087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     80849087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80849087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 226729.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226729.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66692.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66692.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 225835.438547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225835.438547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 225835.438547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225835.438547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              477.409149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              735286823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1516055.305155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.409149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.035912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         125982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        125982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    166750452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    166750452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    166750452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    166750452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    166750452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    166750452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       126024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       126024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       126024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       126024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       126024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3970248.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3970248.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3970248.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3970248.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3970248.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3970248.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2912139                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 485356.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    114168825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114168825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    114168825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114168825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    114168825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114168825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3805627.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3805627.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3805627.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3805627.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3805627.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3805627.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              106637679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             173677.001629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   131.526886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   124.473114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.513777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.486223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        98886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        72709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       171595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         171595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       171595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        171595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    200512333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    200512333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       542742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    201055075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    201055075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    201055075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    201055075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        99810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        72716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       172526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       172526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 217004.689394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 217004.689394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 77534.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77534.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 215956.041890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 215956.041890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 215956.041890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 215956.041890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85324503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85324503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       133371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85457874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85457874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85457874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85457874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239675.570225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239675.570225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 66685.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66685.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 238709.145251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238709.145251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 238709.145251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238709.145251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              501.027699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              732330731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1444439.311637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.027699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.030493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       115582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        115582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       115582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         115582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       115582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        115582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83826654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83826654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83826654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83826654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83826654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83826654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       115621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       115621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       115621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       115621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       115621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       115621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2149401.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2149401.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2149401.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2149401.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2149401.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2149401.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47623224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47623224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47623224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47623224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47623224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47623224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1904928.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904928.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1904928.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904928.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1904928.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904928.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  540                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              115432754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             145016.022613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   160.615261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    95.384739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.627403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.372597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        79657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        66712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       146369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         146369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       146369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        146369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    761757933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    761757933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     27958945                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27958945                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    789716878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    789716878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    789716878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    789716878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        81427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        66775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       148202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       148202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 430371.713559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 430371.713559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 443792.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443792.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 430832.993999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430832.993999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 430832.993999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430832.993999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       158963                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       158963                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1293                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1293                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    191072228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191072228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    191264528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191264528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    191264528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191264528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 355814.204842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355814.204842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 354193.570370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354193.570370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 354193.570370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354193.570370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              501.077102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              732331462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1444440.753452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.077102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.030572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         116313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        116313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     96465118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96465118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     96465118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96465118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     96465118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96465118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       116352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       116352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473464.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2473464.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473464.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2473464.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473464.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2473464.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54221434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54221434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54221434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54221434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54221434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54221434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2168857.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168857.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2168857.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168857.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2168857.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168857.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  552                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              115433522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             142863.269802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   161.354754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    94.645246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.630292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.369708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        79860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        67273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       147133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         147133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       147133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        147133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    743685229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    743685229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16762216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     16762216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    760447445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    760447445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    760447445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    760447445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        81677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        67336                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67336                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       149013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       149013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000936                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000936                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 409292.916346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 409292.916346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 266066.920635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 266066.920635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 404493.321809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 404493.321809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 404493.321809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 404493.321809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       159210                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       159210                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200248854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200248854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200441154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200441154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200441154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200441154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 364752.010929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 364752.010929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 363118.032609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 363118.032609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 363118.032609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 363118.032609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              488.625387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              731814682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1496553.541922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.625387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.021836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         121016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        121016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17011417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17011417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17011417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17011417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17011417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17011417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       121034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       121034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 945078.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945078.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 945078.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945078.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 945078.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945078.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12689511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12689511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12689511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12689511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12689511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12689511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 906393.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906393.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 906393.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906393.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 906393.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906393.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              110541704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             169542.490798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   144.785607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   111.214393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.565569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.434431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        81882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        68352                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68352                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       150234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         150234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       150234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        150234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    446577391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    446577391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    446577391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    446577391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    446577391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    446577391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        83191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        68352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       151543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       151543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341159.198625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341159.198625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341159.198625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 341159.198625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341159.198625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 341159.198625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    116946130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116946130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    116946130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116946130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    116946130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116946130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 295318.510101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295318.510101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 295318.510101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295318.510101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 295318.510101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295318.510101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.597602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              735382919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1464906.213147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.597602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        91932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        91932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total          91932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        91932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total         91932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15114795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15114795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15114795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15114795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15114795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15114795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        91952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        91952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total        91952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        91952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total        91952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 755739.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 755739.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 755739.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 755739.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 755739.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 755739.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11345245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11345245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11345245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11345245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11345245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11345245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 872711.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872711.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 872711.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872711.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 872711.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872711.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  806                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              122564729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             115409.349341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   182.191126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    73.808874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.711684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.288316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        69173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        55546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       124719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         124719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       124719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        124719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1175752289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1175752289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    282726595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    282726595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1458478884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1458478884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1458478884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1458478884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       126953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       126953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 616868.986884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 616868.986884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 861971.326220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 861971.326220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 652855.364369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 652855.364369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 652855.364369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 652855.364369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          366                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             366                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    470711823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    470711823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31790092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31790092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    502501915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    502501915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    502501915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    502501915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000680                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000680                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 612906.019531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 612906.019531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 836581.368421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836581.368421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 623451.507444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 623451.507444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 623451.507444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 623451.507444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              501.082536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              732331738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1444441.297830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    19.082536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.030581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       116589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       116589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         116589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       116589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        116589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82263308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82263308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82263308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82263308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82263308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82263308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       116628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       116628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       116628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       116628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       116628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2109315.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2109315.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2109315.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2109315.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2109315.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2109315.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     48599237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48599237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     48599237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48599237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     48599237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48599237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1943969.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1943969.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1943969.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1943969.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1943969.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1943969.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  553                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              115433885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  809                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             142687.126082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   161.345412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    94.654588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.630256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.369744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        80227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        67265                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67265                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       147492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         147492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       147492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        147492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    731903405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    731903405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     23571551                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23571551                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    755474956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    755474956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    755474956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    755474956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        82042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        67328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       149370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       149370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.022123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000936                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000936                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 403252.564738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 403252.564738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 374151.603175                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 374151.603175                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 402276.334398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 402276.334398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 402276.334398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 402276.334398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       543272                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       543272                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1325                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1325                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    195320321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195320321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    195512621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    195512621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    195512621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    195512621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 355127.856364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355127.856364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 353549.043400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 353549.043400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 353549.043400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 353549.043400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              488.625608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              731814900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1496553.987730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.625608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.021836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       121234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       121234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         121234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       121234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        121234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14598012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14598012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14598012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14598012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14598012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14598012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       121250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       121250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       121250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       121250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       121250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 912375.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 912375.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 912375.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 912375.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 912375.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 912375.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11951149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11951149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11951149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11951149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11951149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11951149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 853653.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 853653.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 853653.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 853653.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 853653.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 853653.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              110541928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             169283.197550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   144.757829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   111.242171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.565460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.434540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        82008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        68450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       150458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         150458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       150458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        150458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    446974269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    446974269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    446974269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    446974269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    446974269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    446974269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        83321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        68450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       151771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       151771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340422.139375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340422.139375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340422.139375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340422.139375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340422.139375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340422.139375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    115962818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115962818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    115962818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115962818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    115962818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115962818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 292097.778338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292097.778338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 292097.778338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292097.778338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 292097.778338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292097.778338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              556.139977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750118676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1346712.165171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.139977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.021058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       110844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       110844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         110844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       110844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        110844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     16955626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16955626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     16955626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16955626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     16955626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16955626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       110861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       110861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       110861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       110861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       110861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 997389.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 997389.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 997389.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 997389.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 997389.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 997389.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13130638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13130638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13130638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13130638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13130638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13130638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 937902.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 937902.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 937902.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 937902.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 937902.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 937902.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              281231296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             289630.582904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   100.609778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   155.390222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.393007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.606993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       280582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       152954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       433536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         433536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       433536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        433536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1284502440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1284502440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1284502440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1284502440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1284502440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1284502440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       283262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       152954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       436216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       436216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 479291.955224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 479291.955224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 479291.955224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 479291.955224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 479291.955224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 479291.955224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1965                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1965                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    327841741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    327841741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    327841741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    327841741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    327841741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    327841741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 458519.917483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458519.917483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 458519.917483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458519.917483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 458519.917483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458519.917483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              538.064578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              627186788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1163611.851577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.064578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         120247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        120247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10087259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10087259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10087259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10087259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10087259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10087259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       120260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       120260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       775943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       775943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       775943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       775943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       775943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       775943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9950759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9950759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9950759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9950759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9950759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9950759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       765443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       765443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       765443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       765443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       765443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       765443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  432                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              147690077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             214665.809593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   138.489020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   117.510980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.540973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.459027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       177972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       209679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         209679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       209679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        209679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    623841279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    623841279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    623841279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    623841279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    623841279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    623841279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       179460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        31707                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31707                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       211167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       211167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       211167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       211167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.007047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.007047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 419248.171371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419248.171371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 419248.171371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419248.171371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 419248.171371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419248.171371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    143092279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143092279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    143092279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143092279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    143092279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143092279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 331232.127315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331232.127315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 331232.127315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331232.127315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 331232.127315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331232.127315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              501.068258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              732331144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1444440.126233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.068258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.030558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       115995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        115995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       115995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         115995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       115995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        115995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86198516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86198516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86198516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86198516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86198516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86198516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       116034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       116034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       116034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       116034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       116034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2210218.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2210218.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2210218.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2210218.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2210218.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2210218.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49714501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49714501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49714501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49714501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49714501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49714501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1988580.040000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1988580.040000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1988580.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1988580.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1988580.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1988580.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  546                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              115433027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             143931.455112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   161.197016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    94.802984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.629676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.370324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        79648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        66994                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66994                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       146642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         146642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       146642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        146642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    753405465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    753405465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     27714094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27714094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    781119559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    781119559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    781119559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    781119559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        67057                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67057                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       148505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       148505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 418558.591667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418558.591667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 439906.253968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439906.253968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 419280.493290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419280.493290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 419280.493290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419280.493290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       159332                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       159332                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189620642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189620642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189812942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189812942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189812942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189812942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 349209.285451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349209.285451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 347642.750916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347642.750916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 347642.750916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347642.750916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              488.625313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              731814725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1496553.629857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.625313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.021835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       121059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       121059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         121059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       121059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        121059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15076084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15076084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15076084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15076084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15076084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15076084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       121079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       121079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       121079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       121079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       121079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 753804.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 753804.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 753804.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 753804.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 753804.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 753804.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11749444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11749444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11749444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11749444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11749444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11749444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       839246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       839246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       839246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       839246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       839246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       839246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              110541743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             169542.550613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   144.597219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   111.402781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.564833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.435167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        81907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        68366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       150273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         150273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       150273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        150273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    462829175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    462829175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    462829175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    462829175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    462829175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    462829175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        83216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        68366                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68366                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       151582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       151582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 353574.618029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 353574.618029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 353574.618029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 353574.618029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 353574.618029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 353574.618029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    117766097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117766097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    117766097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117766097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    117766097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117766097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 297389.133838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297389.133838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 297389.133838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297389.133838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 297389.133838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297389.133838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              538.064962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              627187222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1163612.656772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.064962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.019335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         120681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        120681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10016292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10016292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10016292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10016292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10016292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10016292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       120694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       120694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       770484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       770484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       770484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       770484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       770484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       770484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9879792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9879792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9879792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9879792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9879792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9879792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       759984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       759984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       759984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       759984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       759984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       759984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  433                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              147690664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             214355.100145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   138.529199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   117.470801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.541130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.458870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       178407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        178407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       210266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         210266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       210266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        210266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    609281448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    609281448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    609281448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    609281448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    609281448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    609281448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       179921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        31859                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31859                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       211780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       211780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       211780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       211780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.007149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.007149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 402431.603699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 402431.603699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 402431.603699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 402431.603699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 402431.603699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 402431.603699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    137892798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137892798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    137892798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    137892798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    137892798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    137892798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 318459.117783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318459.117783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 318459.117783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318459.117783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 318459.117783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318459.117783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              538.057885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              627186390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1163611.113173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.057885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.019324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       119849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       119849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         119849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       119849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        119849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9398046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9398046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9398046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9398046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9398046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9398046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       119862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       119862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       119862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       119862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       119862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 722926.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 722926.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 722926.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 722926.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 722926.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 722926.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9261546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9261546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9261546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9261546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9261546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9261546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 712426.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712426.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 712426.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712426.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 712426.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712426.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  429                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              147689420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  685                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             215604.992701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   137.942505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   118.057495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.538838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.461162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       177632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       209022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         209022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       209022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        209022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    659248337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    659248337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    659248337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    659248337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    659248337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    659248337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       179131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        31390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       210521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       210521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       210521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       210521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.007120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.007120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 439792.086057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439792.086057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 439792.086057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439792.086057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 439792.086057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439792.086057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           42                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              42                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1070                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144863967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144863967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144863967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144863967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144863967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144863967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337678.244755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337678.244755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337678.244755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337678.244755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337678.244755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337678.244755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              501.596020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              735383469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1464907.308765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.596020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.020186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        92482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         92482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        92482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total          92482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        92482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total         92482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13814009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13814009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13814009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13814009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13814009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13814009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        92502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        92502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total        92502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        92502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total        92502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 690700.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 690700.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 690700.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 690700.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 690700.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 690700.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11846581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11846581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11846581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11846581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11846581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11846581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 911275.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911275.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 911275.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911275.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 911275.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911275.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  818                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              122565524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             114120.599628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   181.950606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    74.049394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.710745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.289255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        69666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        55846                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55846                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       125512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         125512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       125512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        125512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1141127394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1141127394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    297757016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    297757016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1438884410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1438884410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1438884410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1438884410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        56167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       127794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       127794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       127794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       127794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.027378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.017857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.017857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 581910.960734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 581910.960734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 927591.950156                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927591.950156                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 630536.551271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 630536.551271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 630536.551271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 630536.551271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    466655514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    466655514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34240088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34240088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    500895602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    500895602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    500895602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    500895602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000677                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000677                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 597510.261204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 597510.261204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 901054.947368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901054.947368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 611594.141636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 611594.141636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 611594.141636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 611594.141636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
