
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001075                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1075336665                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398803687920                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 285875                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   361999                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  25479                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67745548                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42204.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 12065202639                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15277959568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        61312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        46464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        60544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        46464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        14208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        16512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        61184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        46336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        61440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        46464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               566912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       242048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            242048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     57016562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     15474224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     43208794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     56302367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     43208794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13212606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     15355191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     56897530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     43089761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     57135595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     43208794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               527194895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           35233617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         225090437                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              225090437                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         225090437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     57016562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     15474224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     43208794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     56302367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     43208794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13212606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     15355191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     56897530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     43089761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     57135595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     43208794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              752285332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224754                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187033                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79849                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23749                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1944254                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1232433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224754                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256219                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       166542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20756                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2153985     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15616      0.65%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19657      0.82%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31421      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12656      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16816      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19403      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9104      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131546      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.087156                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.477920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1936317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       179327                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34134                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1505793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1938765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       168223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1495587                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2089514                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6949969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6949969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         370662                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141676                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72398                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        16025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388655                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416290                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1823253     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266243     11.05%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110340      4.58%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61529      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82819      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25965      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25442      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13512      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1101      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9713     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1351     10.97%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169777     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18827      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127866      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72015      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388655                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.538500                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5201650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350849                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29968                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141676                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72398                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24786                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125326                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25050                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192497                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528786                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350849                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          809025                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2172437                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372404                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227168                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21811                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1848616     77.98%     77.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264990     11.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95900      4.05%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47710      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43776      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18442      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18227      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8723      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24306      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24306                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3805644                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2958077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30919                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                168542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.578733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.578733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.387787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.387787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6132080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1889669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1390866                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2576570                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         150322                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122599                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16089                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63211                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56801                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14926                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          726                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1452001                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts               888357                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            150322                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        71727                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              182217                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         50559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       158339                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines           90876                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16047                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      1826443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.591475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1644226     90.02%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           9602      0.53%     90.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          15338      0.84%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          22924      1.26%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4           9474      0.52%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          11230      0.61%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          11872      0.65%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8249      0.45%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          93528      5.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      1826443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.058342                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.344783                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1433628                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       177312                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          180809                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1092                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        33601                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        24339                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1076615                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        33601                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1437396                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         66920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        98930                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          178187                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        11406                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1073573                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          894                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1469599                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5002751                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5002751                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1205127                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         264258                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          232                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          123                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           33217                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       109246                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        60079                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2945                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        11473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1069384                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          231                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued          996413                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1872                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       166179                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       386923                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1826443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1401024     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172580      9.45%     86.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95897      5.25%     91.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62881      3.44%     94.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56753      3.11%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17556      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12511      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4390      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2851      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1826443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           284     12.39%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          907     39.56%     51.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1102     48.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       820287     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18314      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          109      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98963      9.93%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58740      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total       996413                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.386721                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2293                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3823434                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1235856                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       977593                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses       998706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4687                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23975                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4297                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          789                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        33601                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         54669                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1220                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1069615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          431                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109246                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60079                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          123                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          647                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8537                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         9981                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        18518                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts       981506                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93634                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14907                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             152254                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         133166                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            58620                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.380935                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent               977696                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count              977593                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          579439                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1467464                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.379416                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394857                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       721875                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       880280                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       189999                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16339                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1792842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.334335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1435338     80.06%     80.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170468      9.51%     89.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70669      3.94%     93.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36341      2.03%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26822      1.50%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15477      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9514      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8010      0.45%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20203      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1792842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       721875                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       880280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               141028                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads               85256                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           122234                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          795870                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        17171                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        20203                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            2842918                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2174360                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 25977                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                750127                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            721875                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              880280                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       721875                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.569274                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.569274                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.280169                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.280169                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        4454507                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1336994                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1020011                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         195259                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160057                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20865                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80552                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74263                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19705                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1866976                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1115806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            195259                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        93968                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              244071                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         60228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       140197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          116748                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20787                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2290157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2046086     89.34%     89.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          25923      1.13%     90.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          30135      1.32%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          16563      0.72%     92.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          18756      0.82%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          10746      0.47%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7393      0.32%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          19190      0.84%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         115365      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2290157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075719                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.432693                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1851212                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       156509                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          241742                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2115                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        38575                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        31615                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1361936                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        38575                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1854640                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         16646                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       130969                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          240311                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1360213                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1892124                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6330225                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6330225                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1583323                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         308801                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           26230                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       130606                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        69572                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1640                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        15280                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1356020                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1272320                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1810                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187837                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438614                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2290157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.555560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.250706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1755974     76.67%     76.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       213865      9.34%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115661      5.05%     91.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79411      3.47%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70401      3.07%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        35910      1.57%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9028      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5678      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4229      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2290157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1298     44.77%     56.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1271     43.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1065914     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19784      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117418      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69050      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1272320                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.493387                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2899                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002279                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4839506                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1544232                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1249052                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1275219                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3174                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25852                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1835                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          135                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        38575                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         12314                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1356363                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130606                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69572                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          677                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11330                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12202                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        23532                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1251904                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109904                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             178924                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         174190                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            69020                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.485470                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1249127                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1249052                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          743564                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1950586                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.484364                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381200                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929321                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1140276                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216098                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        20821                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2251582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1786027     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215947      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90482      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54108      2.40%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37436      1.66%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24445      1.09%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12974      0.58%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10076      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20087      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2251582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       929321                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1140276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               172491                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              104754                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           163163                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1028054                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        23211                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        20087                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3587869                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2751326                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 30580                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                288589                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            929321                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1140276                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       929321                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.774871                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.774871                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.360377                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.360377                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5645103                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1736500                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1268393                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         170966                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       154024                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10788                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        65074                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          59051                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          492                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1800202                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1072720                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            170966                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        68311                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              211335                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         34386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       309540                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          105026                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10665                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2344428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.835421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2133093     90.99%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           7370      0.31%     91.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          15216      0.65%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           6301      0.27%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          34577      1.47%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          31221      1.33%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           5708      0.24%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          12610      0.54%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8          98332      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2344428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.066298                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.415985                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1783149                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       327014                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          210403                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          713                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        23143                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        15006                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1257117                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1261                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        23143                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1786066                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        285282                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        33276                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          208409                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8246                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1255210                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         3734                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         2905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           84                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1479715                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      5906745                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      5906745                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1273108                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         206601                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           81                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           21166                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       294286                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       147414                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1364                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         7080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1250568                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          151                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1189737                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          956                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119421                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       293580                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2344428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.507474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.297541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1917748     81.80%     81.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       129875      5.54%     87.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105565      4.50%     91.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45278      1.93%     93.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57167      2.44%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        54025      2.30%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30738      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2579      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1453      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2344428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2962     11.20%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22783     86.18%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          690      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       748187     62.89%     62.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10314      0.87%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       284374     23.90%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146792     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1189737                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.461363                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26435                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4751293                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1370194                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1177280                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1216172                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15230                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1510                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        23143                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        279794                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2174                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1250719                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       294286                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       147414                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           81                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1378                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5501                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6859                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        12360                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179815                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       283353                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9922                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             430119                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         154116                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           146766                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.457515                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1177390                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1177280                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          637176                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1259309                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.456532                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505973                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       946878                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1112479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138371                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        10785                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2321285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.479251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.293033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1915907     82.54%     82.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149121      6.42%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69625      3.00%     91.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68579      2.95%     94.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18393      0.79%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78617      3.39%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6171      0.27%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4288      0.18%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10584      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2321285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       946878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1112479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               424952                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              279053                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           146757                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          989263                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        10584                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3561551                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2524864                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 40125                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                234318                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            946878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1112479                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       946878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.723419                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.723419                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.367185                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.367185                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5828486                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1370479                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1489780                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         151164                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       123320                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16329                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        62776                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57148                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14978                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          717                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1462155                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts               893959                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            151164                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        72126                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              183341                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         51187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       139838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines           91615                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16306                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      1819607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.951336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        1636266     89.92%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           9650      0.53%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          15446      0.85%     91.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          23139      1.27%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4           9446      0.52%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          11264      0.62%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          11835      0.65%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           8277      0.45%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8          94284      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      1819607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.058619                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.346664                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1443417                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       159198                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          181905                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1098                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        33988                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        24452                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1083582                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        33988                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1447337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         53759                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        93505                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          179149                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        11866                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1080573                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2099                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1083                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1478858                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5035643                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5035643                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1212825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         266025                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          235                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          125                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           34181                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       109952                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        60425                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2952                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        11481                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1076359                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          235                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1003012                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1843                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167264                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       389528                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1819607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1391824     76.49%     76.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       173744      9.55%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        96024      5.28%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63051      3.47%     94.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57122      3.14%     97.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17659      0.97%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12870      0.71%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4440      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2873      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1819607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           297     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          959     40.16%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1132     47.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       826048     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18376      1.83%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          110      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99439      9.91%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        59039      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1003012                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.388953                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2388                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002381                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3829862                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1243920                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       983876                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1005400                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4751                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24218                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4339                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          811                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        33988                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         43821                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1225                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1076594                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109952                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60425                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          663                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           48                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8746                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10144                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        18890                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts       987754                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        94006                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15258                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             152918                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         133992                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            58912                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.383037                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent               983985                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count              983876                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          582893                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1478558                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.381533                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.394231                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       726367                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps       885696                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       191731                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        16581                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1785619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1426141     79.87%     79.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       171517      9.61%     89.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70890      3.97%     93.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36354      2.04%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27038      1.51%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15647      0.88%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9637      0.54%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8032      0.45%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20363      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1785619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       726367                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps       885696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               141817                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads               85731                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           122990                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          800728                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        17262                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        20363                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            2842683                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2188858                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 26285                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                759139                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            726367                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps              885696                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       726367                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.550197                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.550197                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.281675                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.281675                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        4482580                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1345545                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1026214                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         171146                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       154181                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10771                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63642                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          59049                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9222                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          494                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1802472                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1074022                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            171146                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        68271                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              211533                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         34403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       298331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          105125                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10649                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2335720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.540215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2124187     90.94%     90.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           7359      0.32%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          15236      0.65%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3           6287      0.27%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          34564      1.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          31342      1.34%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5628      0.24%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          12572      0.54%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          98545      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2335720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.066368                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.416490                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1781983                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       319243                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          210577                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          735                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        23176                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        15032                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1258615                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1261                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        23176                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1785132                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        276984                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        33105                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          208469                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8848                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1256721                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         4084                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         3160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents           84                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1481229                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5913622                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5913622                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1274327                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         206896                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          152                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           22802                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       294894                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       147740                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1337                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         7082                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1252064                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          152                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1191026                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119690                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       294636                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2335720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.509918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.297983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1907448     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       130640      5.59%     87.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105730      4.53%     91.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        46412      1.99%     93.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57703      2.47%     96.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53330      2.28%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30430      1.30%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2568      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1459      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2335720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2967     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22446     85.99%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          690      2.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       748596     62.85%     62.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10313      0.87%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       284965     23.93%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       147082     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1191026                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.461862                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26103                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021916                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4744861                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1371961                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1178602                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1217129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2002                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15308                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           55                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1571                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        23176                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        270782                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2548                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1252216                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           11                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       294894                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       147740                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1562                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           55                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5462                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6885                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        12347                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1181135                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       283933                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9891                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             430984                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         154307                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           147051                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.458027                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1178712                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1178602                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          637793                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1260816                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.457045                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.505857                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       948044                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1113804                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138539                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        10769                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2312544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.481636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1906268     82.43%     82.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149824      6.48%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69472      3.00%     91.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68733      2.97%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18978      0.82%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78204      3.38%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6165      0.27%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4285      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10615      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2312544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       948044                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1113804                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               425747                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              279583                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           146916                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          990429                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        10615                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3554272                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2527882                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 39820                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                243026                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            948044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1113804                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       948044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.720070                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.720070                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.367638                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.367638                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5835460                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1371736                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1491945                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         199253                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162994                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21302                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80479                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76229                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20227                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          969                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1915157                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1113779                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            199253                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        96456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              231153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         58446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       105707                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          118740                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21173                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2288921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2057768     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          10624      0.46%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          16646      0.73%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          22658      0.99%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          23676      1.03%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          20180      0.88%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          10704      0.47%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          17102      0.75%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         109563      4.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2288921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077267                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.431907                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1895793                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       125516                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          230597                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        36671                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        32640                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1364742                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        36671                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1901299                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         20706                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        92660                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          225459                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12122                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1363735                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5280                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1904747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6338925                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6338925                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1624028                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         280709                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          328                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          169                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           37697                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       128324                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        68313                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          779                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        32528                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1361175                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          329                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1285165                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          286                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       164606                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       397229                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2288921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.246741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1732914     75.71%     75.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       238176     10.41%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118406      5.17%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80775      3.53%     94.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64272      2.81%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26900      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17290      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8980      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1208      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2288921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     12.11%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          853     37.15%     49.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1165     50.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1081593     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19061      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116343      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68009      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1285165                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.498368                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2296                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001787                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4861833                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1526123                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1263813                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1287461                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2556                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22793                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1207                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        36671                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         17878                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1187                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1361511                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128324                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68313                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1003                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11530                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12566                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24096                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1265799                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109405                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19366                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             177393                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         179699                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            67988                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.490858                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1263887                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1263813                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          726639                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1956411                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.490088                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371414                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       946491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1164681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       196833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          321                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        21345                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2252250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1763460     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       247805     11.00%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88321      3.92%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42200      1.87%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42646      1.89%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21105      0.94%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13992      0.62%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8195      0.36%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24526      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2252250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       946491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1164681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               172635                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              105529                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           167934                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1049363                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        23979                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        24526                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3589225                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2759715                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 30884                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                289825                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            946491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1164681                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       946491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.724533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.724533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.367035                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.367035                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5693936                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1763163                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1264847                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         195004                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159862                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20895                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80348                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74497                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19735                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          918                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1869429                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1115160                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            195004                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        94232                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              243967                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         60126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       150692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          116941                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20856                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2302829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.592832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2058862     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          25615      1.11%     90.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          30231      1.31%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          16742      0.73%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          18928      0.82%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          10679      0.46%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7565      0.33%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          19266      0.84%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         114941      4.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2302829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075620                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432443                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1853891                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       166777                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          241942                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1812                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        38403                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        31540                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1360919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1834                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        38403                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1857066                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         14705                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       143548                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          240440                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8663                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1359374                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1890607                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6326739                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6326739                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1583765                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         306832                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          344                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           25244                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       130410                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        69601                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1649                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15285                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1355080                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1272210                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1789                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187129                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434635                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           36                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2302829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.247549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1768225     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214732      9.32%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114997      4.99%     91.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79738      3.46%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70367      3.06%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36083      1.57%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8634      0.37%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5841      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4212      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2302829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           331     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1293     44.66%     56.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1271     43.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1065738     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19833      1.56%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117386      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69099      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1272210                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.493344                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2895                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002276                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4851933                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1542588                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1249293                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1275105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3255                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25617                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1845                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          166                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        38403                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         10400                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          964                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1355427                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130410                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69601                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          661                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11501                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12090                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        23591                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1252135                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109933                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20075                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             179009                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         174115                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            69076                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.485560                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1249364                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1249293                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          743840                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1950337                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.484458                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381390                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929573                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1140609                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214813                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        20861                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2264426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1798701     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216082      9.54%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90463      3.99%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54075      2.39%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37614      1.66%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24391      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12889      0.57%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10057      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20154      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2264426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       929573                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1140609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               172547                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              104791                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           163214                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1028361                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        23222                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        20154                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3599694                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2749260                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 30655                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                275917                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            929573                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1140609                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       929573                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.774119                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.774119                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.360475                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.360475                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5646310                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1736738                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1267836                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         150351                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122711                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16217                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63018                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56745                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14872                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          721                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1451226                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts               887354                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            150351                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        71617                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              181945                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         50830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       164113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines           90940                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16180                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      1831322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.589329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1649377     90.06%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           9580      0.52%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          15127      0.83%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          23039      1.26%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4           9367      0.51%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          11250      0.61%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          11928      0.65%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           8217      0.45%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          93437      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      1831322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.058304                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.344103                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1432819                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       183118                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          180531                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1099                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        33754                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        24280                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1075597                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        33754                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1436673                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         62483                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       109269                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          177833                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        11307                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1072698                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          411                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          740                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1468355                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      4997773                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      4997773                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1203748                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         264533                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          233                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           33613                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       109004                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        59895                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2963                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        11431                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1068677                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          232                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued          995667                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167016                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       386606                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1831322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1407093     76.83%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       171896      9.39%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95455      5.21%     91.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62430      3.41%     94.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56879      3.11%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17512      0.96%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12753      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4455      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2849      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1831322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           298     12.77%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          932     39.95%     52.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1103     47.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       820264     82.38%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18212      1.83%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          109      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98536      9.90%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58546      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total       995667                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.386105                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2333                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002343                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3826805                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1235989                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       976655                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses       998000                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4715                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23926                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4264                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          789                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        33754                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         52855                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1270                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1068909                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          447                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109004                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59895                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          124                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          708                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8594                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10123                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        18717                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts       980513                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93197                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15152                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             151622                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         133147                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            58425                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.380229                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent               976748                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count              976655                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          578723                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1468534                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.378733                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394082                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       720769                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       879050                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       190529                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        16458                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1797568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1441166     80.17%     80.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169864      9.45%     89.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70192      3.90%     93.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36200      2.01%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26833      1.49%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15533      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9538      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7959      0.44%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20283      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1797568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       720769                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       879050                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               140683                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads               85063                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           122146                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          794700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        17159                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        20283                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            2846864                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2172997                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 26113                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                747424                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            720769                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              879050                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       720769                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.577770                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.577770                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.279504                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.279504                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        4448912                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1335961                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1018422                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         225826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187924                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21931                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84938                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80229                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23866                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1953295                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1238242                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            225826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       104095                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              257427                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         62045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       150780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          122631                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20846                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.633469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.002847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2147652     89.30%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          15681      0.65%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          19741      0.82%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          31579      1.31%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12732      0.53%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          16899      0.70%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          19499      0.81%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9141      0.38%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         132155      5.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2405079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.087572                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.480172                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1945517                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       163622                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          256126                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39690                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        34296                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1512894                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39690                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1947972                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          5328                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       152492                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          253759                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         5833                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1502653                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2099353                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6982712                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6982712                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1726960                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         372393                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           21331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       142341                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        72720                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          774                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1465743                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          360                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1395211                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1825                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196411                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       417926                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1815373     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       267504     11.12%     86.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110841      4.61%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61778      2.57%     93.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83247      3.46%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26100      1.09%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25552      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13581      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1103      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9755     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1362     11.01%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1258     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1175304     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18929      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       128470      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72338      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1395211                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541042                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12375                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5209701                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1662534                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357222                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1407586                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          940                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30100                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39690                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1466105                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       142341                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72720                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12099                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12797                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24896                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1370033                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125917                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             198215                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         193412                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            72298                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531279                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1357253                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1357222                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          812836                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2182498                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.526311                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372434                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1004747                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1237942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228167                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          349                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21907                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2365389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1840826     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266260     11.26%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96342      4.07%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47948      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43988      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18532      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18320      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8762      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24411      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2365389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1004747                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1237942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               183466                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              112241                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               174                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           179496                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1114459                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        25545                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        24411                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3807074                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2971913                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 31051                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                173667                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1004747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1237942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1004747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.566563                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.566563                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.389626                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.389626                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6161021                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1898545                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1397416                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          348                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         200496                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163956                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21361                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80313                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76410                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20210                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          956                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1924536                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1121764                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            200496                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        96620                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              232593                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         58981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       103248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          119307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21235                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2297755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2065162     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          10800      0.47%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          16673      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          22679      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          23849      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          20280      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          10593      0.46%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17093      0.74%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         110626      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2297755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077749                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.435004                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1904971                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       123254                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          232025                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          355                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37146                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        32903                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1374027                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37146                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1910525                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         20580                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        90279                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          226826                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12395                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1372909                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1917401                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6380826                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6380826                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1633019                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         284340                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          330                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           38756                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       128986                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        68749                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          826                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        31844                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1370396                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1292791                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          285                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167019                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404117                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2297755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.248221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1738703     75.67%     75.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239271     10.41%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119348      5.19%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81125      3.53%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64342      2.80%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27084      1.18%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17756      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8883      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1243      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2297755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           279     12.06%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          855     36.96%     49.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1179     50.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1088167     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19178      1.48%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116812      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68474      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1292791                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.501325                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2313                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4885932                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1537763                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1271267                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1295104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2771                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22894                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1277                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37146                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         17644                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1370735                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128986                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68749                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          963                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11533                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12667                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        24200                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1273364                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110032                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             178491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         180645                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            68459                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.493792                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1271334                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1271267                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          730875                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1968212                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.492979                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371340                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       951751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1171065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       199667                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        21406                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1769258     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       248923     11.01%     89.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88895      3.93%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42547      1.88%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42790      1.89%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21238      0.94%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14056      0.62%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8191      0.36%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24711      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       951751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1171065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               173564                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              106092                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           168834                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1055118                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        24102                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        24711                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3606617                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2778631                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 31012                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                280991                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            951751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1171065                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       951751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.709475                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.709475                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.369075                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.369075                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5727678                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1773284                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1273697                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         171040                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       154121                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10803                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        64144                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          59070                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9185                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          495                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1798855                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1072544                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            171040                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        68255                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              211435                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         34507                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       294240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          104955                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10649                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2327993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.541437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.841549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2116558     90.92%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           7470      0.32%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          15226      0.65%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           6338      0.27%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          34564      1.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          31239      1.34%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5666      0.24%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          12377      0.53%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          98555      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2327993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.066327                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.415917                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1780052                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       313483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          210450                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          745                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        23257                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        14994                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1257236                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        23257                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1783069                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        281282                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        23544                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          208430                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8405                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1255217                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         3804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3023                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           85                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1479801                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5906300                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5906300                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1271820                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         207975                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           79                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           22030                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       293971                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       147137                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1340                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         7085                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1250000                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1188066                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1025                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       120368                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       299494                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2327993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.510339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1901124     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       130524      5.61%     87.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105442      4.53%     91.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45352      1.95%     93.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57140      2.45%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53961      2.32%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30396      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2571      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1483      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2327993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2975     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22644     86.08%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          686      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       747257     62.90%     62.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10277      0.87%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       283977     23.90%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146485     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1188066                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.460715                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26305                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022141                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4731455                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1370568                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1175662                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1214371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1919                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15475                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1513                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          103                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        23257                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        275427                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2422                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1250149                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           28                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       293971                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       147137                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           79                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1508                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6831                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        12355                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1178293                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       282812                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9773                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             429272                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         153860                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           146460                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.456925                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1175766                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1175662                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          636234                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1258978                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.455905                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.505358                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       945646                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1111079                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       139183                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        10799                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2304736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.482085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1899632     82.42%     82.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149259      6.48%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69469      3.01%     91.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68395      2.97%     94.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18694      0.81%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78249      3.40%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6162      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4304      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10572      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2304736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       945646                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1111079                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               424112                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              278493                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           146589                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          988031                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        10572                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3544426                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2523799                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 40067                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                250753                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            945646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1111079                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       945646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.726968                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.726968                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.366708                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.366708                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5820229                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1368528                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1488643                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         225814                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187913                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21931                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84933                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80224                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23866                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1953010                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1238064                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            225814                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       104090                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              257398                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         62045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       151082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3650                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          122616                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20846                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.633386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.002721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2147716     89.30%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          15677      0.65%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          19741      0.82%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          31574      1.31%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          12732      0.53%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          16899      0.70%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          19499      0.81%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9140      0.38%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         132136      5.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2405114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.087567                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.480103                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1945282                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       163922                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          256096                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        39690                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        34295                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1512708                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        39690                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1947737                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          5327                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       152793                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          253729                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         5833                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1502467                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2099008                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6981826                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6981826                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1726615                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         372393                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           21331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       142341                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        72720                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          774                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        16107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1465557                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          360                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1395025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1825                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196411                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       417926                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1815509     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       267434     11.12%     86.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110837      4.61%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61767      2.57%     93.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83237      3.46%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26099      1.09%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25547      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13581      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1103      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9755     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1362     11.01%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1258     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1175118     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18929      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       128470      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72338      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1395025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.540970                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12375                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5209364                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1662348                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357036                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1407400                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          940                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30100                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        39690                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          4035                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1465919                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       142341                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72720                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12099                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12797                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24896                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1369847                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125917                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             198215                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         193400                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            72298                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.531207                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1357067                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1357036                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          812700                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2182136                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.526239                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372433                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1004561                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1237756                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228167                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          349                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        21907                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2365424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1840962     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266190     11.25%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96337      4.07%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47938      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43978      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18532      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18314      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8762      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24411      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2365424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1004561                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1237756                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               183466                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              112241                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               174                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           179484                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1114285                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        25545                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        24411                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3806923                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2971541                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 31047                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                173632                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1004561                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1237756                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1004561                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.567038                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.567038                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.389554                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.389554                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6160168                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1898200                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1397238                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          348                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         151592                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       123711                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16233                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63062                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57269                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14932                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          718                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1459987                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts               894717                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            151592                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        72201                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              183367                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         50909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       160112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines           91419                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16214                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      1837559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.591848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1654192     90.02%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           9656      0.53%     90.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          15354      0.84%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          23056      1.25%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4           9453      0.51%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          11338      0.62%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          12134      0.66%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           8290      0.45%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8          94086      5.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      1837559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.058785                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.346958                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1441151                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       179572                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          181840                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1187                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        33808                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        24500                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1083809                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        33808                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1445073                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         68018                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        99544                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          179173                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        11940                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1080776                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2599                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          763                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1479512                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5034470                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5034470                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1213737                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         265754                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          236                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           34485                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       109646                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        60376                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2975                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        11500                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1076639                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          236                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1002501                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1962                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167355                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       390996                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1837559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.231807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1409010     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       174384      9.49%     86.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        96329      5.24%     91.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63466      3.45%     94.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56866      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17567      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12630      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4474      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2833      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1837559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           299     12.82%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          930     39.88%     52.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1103     47.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       825982     82.39%     82.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18361      1.83%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          110      0.01%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99091      9.88%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58957      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1002501                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.388755                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2332                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002326                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3846855                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1244293                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       983656                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1004833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4765                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23856                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4260                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          784                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        33808                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         55356                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1413                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1076875                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109646                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60376                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          126                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          777                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8569                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        18720                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts       987465                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93830                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15036                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             152669                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         134180                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            58839                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.382924                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent               983757                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count              983656                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          583201                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1478395                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.381447                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.394483                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       726889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps       886343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       191203                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        16482                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1803751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.335172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1443668     80.04%     80.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       172105      9.54%     89.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70821      3.93%     93.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36575      2.03%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26942      1.49%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15573      0.86%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9639      0.53%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8020      0.44%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20408      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1803751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       726889                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps       886343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               141906                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads               85790                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           123084                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          801308                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        17274                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        20408                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            2860889                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2188918                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 26172                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                741187                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            726889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps              886343                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       726889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.547648                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.547648                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.281877                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.281877                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        4480310                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1345520                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1026767                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         169640                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152781                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10772                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        64713                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58659                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9203                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          500                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1784777                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1064230                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            169640                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        67862                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              209851                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         34231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       304667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          104246                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10640                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2322516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.538531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.837048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2112665     90.96%     90.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           7398      0.32%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          15283      0.66%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3           6332      0.27%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          34124      1.47%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          30863      1.33%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5702      0.25%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          12428      0.54%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          97721      4.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2322516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.065784                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.412693                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1767528                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       322333                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          208893                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          742                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        23014                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        14935                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1247631                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        23014                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1770456                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        298098                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        15952                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          206929                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         8061                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1245687                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         3532                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         2934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           87                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1471115                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5861378                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5861378                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1264535                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         206568                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          146                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           76                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           21241                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       290472                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       145484                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1387                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         7074                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1240698                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          146                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1179629                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          906                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119267                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       294892                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2322516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.507910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.296311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1898614     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       129509      5.58%     87.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104034      4.48%     91.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        46047      1.98%     93.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57185      2.46%     96.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53055      2.28%     98.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30069      1.29%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2542      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1461      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2322516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2965     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22204     85.85%     97.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          696      2.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       743767     63.05%     63.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10289      0.87%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       280618     23.79%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       144885     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1179629                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.457443                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25865                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4708545                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1360162                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1167386                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1205494                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2032                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15139                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1445                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        23014                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        292715                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2197                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1240844                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       290472                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       145484                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           76                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1371                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5536                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6814                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        12350                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1169920                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       279570                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9709                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             424428                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         152866                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           144858                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.453678                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1167486                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1167386                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          632385                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1253957                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.452695                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.504312                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       938681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1103163                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       137761                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        10764                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2299502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.479740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.293793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1897156     82.50%     82.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       148494      6.46%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        68978      3.00%     91.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67749      2.95%     94.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18791      0.82%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        77224      3.36%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6197      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4304      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10609      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2299502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       938681                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1103163                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               419365                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              275326                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           145638                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          981066                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        10609                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3529817                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2504882                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 39613                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                256230                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            938681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1103163                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       938681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.747202                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.747202                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.364007                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.364007                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5775631                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1360969                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1475578                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         225791                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187895                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21929                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84927                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80219                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23862                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1003                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1952792                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1237950                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            225791                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       104081                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              257374                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         62037                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       151317                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          122602                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20843                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.633331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.002639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2147722     89.30%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          15674      0.65%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          19740      0.82%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          31572      1.31%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          12730      0.53%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          16899      0.70%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          19498      0.81%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9139      0.38%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         132122      5.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2405096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.087558                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.480059                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1945078                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       164136                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          256071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          120                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        39685                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        34291                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1512572                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        39685                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1947533                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          5326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       153008                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          253706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         5833                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1502331                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2098839                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6981222                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6981222                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1726438                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         372367                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           21321                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       142323                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        72712                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          774                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        16107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1465427                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          358                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1394885                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196394                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       417877                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1815554     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       267399     11.12%     86.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110830      4.61%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61757      2.57%     93.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83234      3.46%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26098      1.09%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25541      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13581      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1102      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9755     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1360     10.99%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1258     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1175009     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18929      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       128449      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72328      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1394885                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.540916                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12373                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5209062                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1662199                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1356898                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1407258                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30093                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        39685                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1465787                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       142323                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72712                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12097                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12796                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24893                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1369711                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125900                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25174                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             198188                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         193379                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            72288                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.531154                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1356929                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1356898                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          812628                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2181962                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.526185                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372430                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1004441                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1237608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228148                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          347                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21904                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2365411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1841008     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266161     11.25%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96330      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47933      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43967      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18531      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18311      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8761      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24409      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2365411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1004441                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1237608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               183434                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              112221                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               173                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           179463                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1114151                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        25542                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        24409                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3806745                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2971237                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 31042                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                173650                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1004441                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1237608                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1004441                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.567344                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.567344                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.389508                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.389508                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6159549                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1898036                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1397093                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          346                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.880725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.880725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    16.741531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    38.134612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1950.123857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.008175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.018620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.952209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     153277285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      153277285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     153277285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929971.402778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476251.173469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929971.402778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476251.173469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929971.402778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476251.173469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          497                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2044.998458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          86606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        34.070024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks         114.452099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.307614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   218.705552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1699.533193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.055885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.106790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.829850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.998534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            356                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 356                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   309                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          481                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 494                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12942608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    447103011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     460045619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     42072722                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     42072722                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12942608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    489175733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      502118341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12942608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    489175733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     502118341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          356                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             356                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.588000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.595020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.608861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.615193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.608861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.615193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 995585.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1013839.027211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1013316.341410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1051818.050000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1051818.050000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 995585.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1016997.365904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1016433.888664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 995585.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1016997.365904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1016433.888664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                268                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     268                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11801208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    408552593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    420353801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     38558910                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38558910                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11801208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    447111503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    458912711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11801208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    447111503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    458912711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.588000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.608861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.608861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 907785.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 926423.113379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 925889.429515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 963972.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963972.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 907785.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 929545.744283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 928973.099190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 907785.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 929545.744283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 928973.099190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.045144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         135152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        61.656934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          97.249863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.731457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    71.363634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1864.700191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.034846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.910498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   328                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13879884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    104373227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     118253111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1093648                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1093648                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13879884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105466875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      119346759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13879884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105466875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     119346759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.282276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.283843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.305085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.283843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.305085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 991420.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809094.782946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826944.832168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1093648                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1093648                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 991420.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 811283.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828796.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 991420.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 811283.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828796.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12650684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     93047027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105697711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1005848                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005848                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12650684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     94052875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106703559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12650684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     94052875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106703559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.282276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.283843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.283843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 903620.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 721294.782946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739144.832168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1005848                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005848                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 903620.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 723483.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740996.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 903620.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 723483.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740996.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          378                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         113266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        46.688376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.589021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.356890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   175.830001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1852.224087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.007010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.085854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.904406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          344                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   344                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          363                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 378                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     16421123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    346103012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     362524135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     16421123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    346103012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      362524135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     16421123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    346103012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     362524135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.523546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.523546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.523546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1094741.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 953451.823691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959058.558201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1094741.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 953451.823691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959058.558201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1094741.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 953451.823691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959058.558201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15103288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    314226494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329329782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15103288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    314226494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329329782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15103288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    314226494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329329782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1006885.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 865637.724518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871242.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1006885.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 865637.724518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871242.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1006885.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 865637.724518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871242.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          491                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2045.162906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                          86606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        34.150631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks         114.838407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.294832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   216.838869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1701.190798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.056073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.105878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.830660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.998615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            355                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 355                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   308                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          473                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 486                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     13811634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    438856050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     452667684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33979310                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33979310                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     13811634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    472835360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      486646994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     13811634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    472835360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     486646994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          355                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             355                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.585464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.592593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.605634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.612091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.605634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.612091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1062433.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1008864.482759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1010418.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 894192.368421                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 894192.368421                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1062433.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 999651.923890                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1001331.263374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1062433.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 999651.923890                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1001331.263374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                260                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     260                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12670234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    400655835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    413326069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     30642910                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30642910                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12670234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    431298745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    443968979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12670234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    431298745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    443968979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.585464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.592593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.605634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.605634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 974633.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 921047.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 922602.832589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 806392.368421                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 806392.368421                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 974633.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 911836.670190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913516.417695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 974633.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 911836.670190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913516.417695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          378                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         113266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        46.688376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.586716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    14.356043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   176.030486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1852.026754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.007010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.085952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.904310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          344                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   344                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          363                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 378                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9764755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    346430687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     356195442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9764755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    346430687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      356195442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9764755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    346430687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     356195442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.513437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.523546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.513437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.523546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.513437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.523546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 650983.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 954354.509642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942315.984127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 650983.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 954354.509642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 942315.984127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 650983.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 954354.509642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 942315.984127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8447755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    314559287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323007042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8447755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    314559287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    323007042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8447755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    314559287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    323007042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.513437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.513437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.513437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 563183.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 866554.509642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854515.984127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 563183.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 866554.509642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854515.984127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 563183.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 866554.509642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854515.984127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          138                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2046.538305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         118690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        54.295517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.538305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    26.288076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    58.930748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1932.781176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.012836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.028775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.943741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   285                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 138                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73302325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104481499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     177783824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73302325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104481499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      177783824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73302325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104481499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     177783824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.283163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.281013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.326241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.281013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.326241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2714900.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 941274.765766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1288288.579710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2714900.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 941274.765766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1288288.579710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2714900.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 941274.765766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1288288.579710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 66                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      66                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70931600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     94730567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    165662167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70931600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     94730567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    165662167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70931600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     94730567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    165662167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.283163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.281013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.281013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2627096.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853428.531532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1200450.485507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2627096.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853428.531532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1200450.485507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2627096.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853428.531532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1200450.485507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.417732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         135153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        61.657391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          96.844506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.588531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    71.761079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1864.223616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.035040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.910265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   328                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14705780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    106665917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     121371697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14705780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    106665917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      121371697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14705780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    106665917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     121371697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.282276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.305085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.282276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.305085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.282276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.305085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 980385.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 826867.573643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 842859.006944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 980385.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 826867.573643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 842859.006944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 980385.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 826867.573643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 842859.006944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 92                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      92                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13388001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     95338879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108726880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13388001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     95338879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108726880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13388001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     95338879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108726880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.282276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.282276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.282276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 892533.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 739061.077519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755047.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 892533.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 739061.077519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755047.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 892533.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 739061.077519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755047.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          495                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2045.122109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                          86601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        34.094882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks         113.457151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.301903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   216.378139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1702.984917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.055399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.105653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.831536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.998595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            351                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 351                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   308                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          478                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 491                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11795450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    444665937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     456461387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     45168725                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     45168725                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11795450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    489834662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      501630112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11795450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    489834662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     501630112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          351                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             351                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.587131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.608142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.614518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.608142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.614518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 907342.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1015219.034247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1012109.505543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1129218.125000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1129218.125000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 907342.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1024758.707113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1021649.922607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 907342.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1024758.707113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1021649.922607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                266                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     266                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10654050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    406205504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    416859554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     41655532                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41655532                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10654050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    447861036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    458515086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10654050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    447861036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    458515086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.587131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.608142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.608142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 819542.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 927409.826484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924300.563193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1041388.300000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1041388.300000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 819542.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 936947.774059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 933839.279022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 819542.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 936947.774059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 933839.279022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2046.882919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         132011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        61.543590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.882919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    16.751617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    38.225217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1950.023166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.008180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.018665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.952160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          273                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96321333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66217884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     162539217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96321333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66217884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      162539217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96321333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66217884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     162539217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.208696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.262735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.208696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.262735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3704666.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 919692.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1658563.438776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3704666.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 919692.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1658563.438776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3704666.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 919692.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1658563.438776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94030556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     59865003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153895559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94030556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     59865003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153895559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94030556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     59865003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153895559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3616559.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 831458.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1570362.846939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3616559.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 831458.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1570362.846939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3616559.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 831458.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1570362.846939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2046.551988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.551988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    26.279271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    59.294549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1932.426179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.012832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.028952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.943567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72430522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98569582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     171000104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72430522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98569582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      171000104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72430522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98569582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     171000104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2682611.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 864645.456140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1212766.695035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2682611.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 864645.456140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1212766.695035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2682611.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 864645.456140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1212766.695035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70059922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     88560382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158620304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70059922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     88560382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    158620304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70059922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     88560382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    158620304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2594811.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 776845.456140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1124966.695035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2594811.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 776845.456140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1124966.695035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2594811.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 776845.456140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1124966.695035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          375                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         113267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        46.746595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.586945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.552593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   175.647077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1854.213384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.085765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.905378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          345                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   345                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          362                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 375                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13010495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    343925213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     356935708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13010495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    343925213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      356935708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13010495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    343925213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     356935708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.512023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.520833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.512023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.520833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.512023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.520833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1000807.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 950069.649171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951828.554667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1000807.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 950069.649171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 951828.554667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1000807.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 950069.649171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 951828.554667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11869095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    312132628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    324001723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11869095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    312132628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    324001723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11869095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    312132628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    324001723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.512023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.512023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.512023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 913007.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 862244.828729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864004.594667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 913007.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 862244.828729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864004.594667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 913007.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 862244.828729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864004.594667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2046.883039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         132011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        61.543590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.883039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    16.749737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    38.216610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1950.033653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.008179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.018660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.952165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          273                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96152191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     66444224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     162596415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96152191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     66444224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      162596415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96152191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     66444224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     162596415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.208696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.262735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.208696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.262735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3698161.192308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 922836.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1659147.091837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3698161.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 922836.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1659147.091837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3698161.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 922836.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1659147.091837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93869269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60122448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153991717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93869269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60122448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153991717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93869269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60122448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153991717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3610356.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       835034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1571344.051020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3610356.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       835034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1571344.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3610356.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       835034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1571344.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          499                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2045.211272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                          86605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        34.056233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks         115.240586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.293564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   217.698203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1699.978920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.056270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.106298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.830068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.998638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            355                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 355                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   309                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          480                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 493                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12700943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    460354945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     473055888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37631753                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     37631753                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12700943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    497986698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      510687641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12700943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    497986698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     510687641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          355                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             355                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.587450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.608365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.614713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.608365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.614713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 976995.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1046261.238636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1044273.483444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 940793.825000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 940793.825000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 976995.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1037472.287500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1035877.567951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 976995.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1037472.287500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1035877.567951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                267                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     267                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11559543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    421717980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    433277523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     34119088                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34119088                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11559543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    455837068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    467396611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11559543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    455837068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    467396611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.587450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.608365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.608365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 889195.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 958449.954545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 956462.523179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 852977.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852977.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 889195.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 949660.558333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 948066.148073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 889195.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 949660.558333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 948066.148073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          377                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         113267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        46.708041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.593629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.207409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   174.245720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1854.953243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.085081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.905739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          345                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   345                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          363                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 377                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14416107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    367220088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     381636195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14416107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    367220088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      381636195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14416107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    367220088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     381636195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.512712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.522161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.512712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.522161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.512712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.522161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1029721.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1011625.586777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1012297.599469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1029721.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1011625.586777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1012297.599469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1029721.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1011625.586777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1012297.599469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13186907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    335338835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    348525742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13186907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    335338835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    348525742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13186907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    335338835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    348525742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.512712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.512712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.512712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 941921.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 923798.443526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924471.464191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 941921.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 923798.443526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924471.464191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 941921.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 923798.443526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924471.464191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2046.883119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         132011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        61.543590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.883119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.750022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    38.211337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1950.038641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.008179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.018658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.952167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          273                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95113282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     65468321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     160581603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95113282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     65468321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      160581603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95113282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     65468321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     160581603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.208696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.262735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.208696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.262735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3658203.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 909282.236111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1638587.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3658203.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 909282.236111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1638587.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3658203.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 909282.236111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1638587.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92829519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     59145358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151974877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92829519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     59145358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    151974877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92829519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     59145358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    151974877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3570366.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 821463.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1550764.051020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3570366.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 821463.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1550764.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3570366.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 821463.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1550764.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              472.554359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750129988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1553064.157350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.554359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.028132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1483725                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 741862.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.938230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.298032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.701968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.458195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.541805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    194842081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194842081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195834825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195834825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195834825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195834825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 230309.788416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230309.788416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91314177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91314177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91522530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91522530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91522530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91522530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 268571.108824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268571.108824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              501.419571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750383306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1494787.462151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.419571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.019903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total          90856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total         90856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     19078797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19078797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     19078797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19078797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     19078797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19078797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total        90876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total        90876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 953939.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953939.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 953939.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953939.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 953939.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953939.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13050508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13050508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13050508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13050508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13050508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13050508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1003885.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003885.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1003885.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003885.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1003885.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003885.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125035667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             119765.964559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   174.248205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    81.751795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.680657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.319343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        68837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        55136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       123973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         123973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       123973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        123973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1207550832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1207550832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    365522053                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    365522053                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1573072885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1573072885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1573072885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1573072885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        70717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       126197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       126197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.026585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 642314.272340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 642314.272340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1062564.107558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1062564.107558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 707316.944694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 707316.944694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 707316.944694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 707316.944694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    471484008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471484008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     42404722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42404722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    513888730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    513888730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    513888730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    513888730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 628645.344000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 628645.344000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1060118.050000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1060118.050000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 650492.063291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 650492.063291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 650492.063291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 650492.063291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.730314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              747244003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1506540.328629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.730314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         116726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        116726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     16712674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16712674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     16712674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16712674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     16712674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16712674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       116748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       116748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       759667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       759667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       759667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       759667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       759667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       759667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13996751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13996751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13996751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13996751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13996751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13996751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 999767.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 999767.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 999767.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 999767.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 999767.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 999767.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              117744779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             164908.654062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   156.736727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    99.263273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.612253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.387747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        80437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        67313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         147750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        147750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    537117324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    537117324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68829246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68829246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    605946570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    605946570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    605946570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    605946570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        82018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        67413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       149431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       149431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.019276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001483                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001483                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 339732.652751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339732.652751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 688292.460000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 688292.460000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 360467.917906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 360467.917906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 360467.917906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 360467.917906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1583067                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 791533.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    126869977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126869977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1101948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1101948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    127971925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127971925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    127971925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127971925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 277614.829322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 277614.829322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1101948                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1101948                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 279414.683406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279414.683406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 279414.683406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279414.683406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              557.355665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              765681023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1372188.213262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.355665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.023006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       105006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        105006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       105006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         105006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       105006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        105006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     20630921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20630921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     20630921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20630921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     20630921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20630921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       105026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       105026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       105026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       105026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       105026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1031546.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1031546.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1031546.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1031546.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1031546.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1031546.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     16546126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16546126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     16546126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16546126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     16546126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16546126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1103075.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1103075.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1103075.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1103075.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1103075.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1103075.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              287933099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             298995.949117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   101.521422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   154.478578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.396568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.603432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       267528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        267528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       145758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       413286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         413286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       413286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        413286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1417626147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1417626147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1417626147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1417626147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1417626147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1417626147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       270167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       270167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       145758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       415925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       415925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       415925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       415925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 537183.079576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 537183.079576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 537183.079576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 537183.079576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 537183.079576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 537183.079576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    372617754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    372617754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    372617754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    372617754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    372617754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    372617754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 527040.670438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527040.670438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 527040.670438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527040.670438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 527040.670438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527040.670438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              501.416673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750384044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1494788.932271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.416673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.019899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst        91594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst        91594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total          91594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst        91594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total         91594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     20681137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20681137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     20681137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20681137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     20681137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20681137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst        91615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst        91615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total        91615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst        91615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total        91615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 984816.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 984816.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 984816.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 984816.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 984816.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 984816.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     13926333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13926333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     13926333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13926333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     13926333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13926333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1071256.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1071256.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1071256.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1071256.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1071256.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1071256.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  781                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              125036197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             120574.924783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   174.036706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    81.963294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.679831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.320169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        69038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        55461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       124499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         124499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       124499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        124499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1153893468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1153893468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    300674581                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    300674581                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1454568049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1454568049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1454568049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1454568049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        70890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       126680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       126680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.026125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005897                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005897                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.017217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.017217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 623052.628510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 623052.628510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 913904.501520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 913904.501520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 666927.120128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 666927.120128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 666927.120128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 666927.120128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          355                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             355                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    463127036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    463127036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34294710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34294710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    497421746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    497421746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    497421746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    497421746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000681                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000681                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 623320.371467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 623320.371467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 902492.368421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902492.368421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 636903.644046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636903.644046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 636903.644046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636903.644046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              557.354805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              765681122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1372188.390681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    14.354805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.023004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       105105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        105105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       105105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         105105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       105105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        105105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12053963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12053963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12053963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12053963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12053963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12053963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       105125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       105125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       105125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       105125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       105125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 602698.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 602698.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 602698.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 602698.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 602698.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 602698.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9904861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9904861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9904861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9904861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9904861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9904861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 660324.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 660324.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 660324.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 660324.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 660324.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 660324.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              287933961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             298996.844237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   101.494875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   154.505125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.396464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.603536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       268125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        268125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       146023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       146023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       414148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         414148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       414148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        414148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1399490430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1399490430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1399490430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1399490430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1399490430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1399490430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       270764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       270764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       146023                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       146023                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       416787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       416787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       416787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       416787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 530310.886700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 530310.886700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 530310.886700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 530310.886700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 530310.886700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 530310.886700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    372943246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    372943246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    372943246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    372943246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    372943246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    372943246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 527501.055163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527501.055163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 527501.055163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527501.055163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 527501.055163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527501.055163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              502.269835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              746680239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1484453.755467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    27.269835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.043702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       118701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       118701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         118701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       118701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        118701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     89299398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89299398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     89299398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89299398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     89299398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89299398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       118740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       118740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       118740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       118740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       118740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2289728.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2289728.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2289728.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2289728.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2289728.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2289728.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73600471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73600471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73600471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73600471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73600471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73600471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2628588.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2628588.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2628588.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2628588.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2628588.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2628588.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              112791401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             173258.680492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   157.187316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    98.812684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.614013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.385987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        80199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        66778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       146977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         146977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       146977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        146977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    434888579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    434888579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1156960                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1156960                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    436045539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    436045539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    436045539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    436045539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        81475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        66792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       148267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       148267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000210                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 340821.770376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340821.770376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        82640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338019.797674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338019.797674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338019.797674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338019.797674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    123672581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123672581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    123864881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123864881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    123864881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123864881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 315491.278061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315491.278061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 313581.977215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313581.977215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 313581.977215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313581.977215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              496.587306                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              747244198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1503509.452716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.587306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.023377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       116921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       116921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         116921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       116921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        116921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19546780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19546780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19546780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19546780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19546780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19546780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       116941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       116941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       116941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       116941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       116941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       977339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       977339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       977339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       977339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       977339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       977339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14830619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14830619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14830619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14830619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14830619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14830619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 988707.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988707.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 988707.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988707.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 988707.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988707.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              117744700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             165139.831697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   157.225555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    98.774445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.614162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.385838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        80333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        67333                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67333                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       147666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         147666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       147666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        147666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    559228063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    559228063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     66039772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66039772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    625267835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    625267835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    625267835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    625267835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        67432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       149356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       149356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001468                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001468                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 351494.697046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 351494.697046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 667068.404040                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 667068.404040                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 369980.967456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 369980.967456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 369980.967456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 369980.967456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1959048                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       653016                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    129168084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129168084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    129168084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129168084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    129168084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129168084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 282643.509847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282643.509847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 282643.509847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282643.509847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 282643.509847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282643.509847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              501.407851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750383372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1494787.593625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.407851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.019884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst        90922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst        90922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total          90922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst        90922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total         90922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16196064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16196064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16196064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16196064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16196064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16196064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst        90940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst        90940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total        90940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst        90940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total        90940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 899781.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 899781.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 899781.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 899781.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 899781.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 899781.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11903350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11903350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11903350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11903350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11903350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11903350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 915642.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 915642.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 915642.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 915642.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 915642.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 915642.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              125035072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             119995.270633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   173.143446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    82.856554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.676342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.323658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        68391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        54985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       123376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         123376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       123376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        123376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1172628178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1172628178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    372300476                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    372300476                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1544928654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1544928654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1544928654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1544928654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        70251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55329                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55329                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       125580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       125580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.026476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.017551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.017551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 630445.256989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 630445.256989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1082268.825581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1082268.825581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 700965.813975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 700965.813975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 700965.813975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 700965.813975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    468984313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    468984313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     45500725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45500725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    514485038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    514485038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    514485038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    514485038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 628665.298928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 628665.298928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1137518.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1137518.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 654561.117048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 654561.117048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 654561.117048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 654561.117048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              472.568442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750130556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1553065.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    17.568442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.028155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       122589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       122589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         122589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       122589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        122589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    154878968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154878968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    154878968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    154878968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    154878968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    154878968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       122628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       122628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       122628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       122628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       122628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3971255.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3971255.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3971255.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3971255.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3971255.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3971255.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3427437                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 856859.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96667051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96667051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96667051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96667051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96667051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96667051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3452394.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3452394.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3452394.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3452394.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3452394.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3452394.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  345                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              108894155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             181188.277870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   117.457949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   138.542051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.458820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.541180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        96812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        70860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       167672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         167672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       167672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        167672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    182993343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    182993343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       993575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    183986918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    183986918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    183986918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    183986918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        97661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        70872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       168533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       168533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 215539.862191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215539.862191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 82797.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82797.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 213689.800232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 213689.800232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 213689.800232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 213689.800232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     84386253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84386253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       208457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     84594710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84594710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     84594710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84594710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 246743.429825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246743.429825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 69485.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69485.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245202.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245202.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245202.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245202.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              502.259689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              746680809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1484454.888668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    27.259689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.043685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       119271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       119271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         119271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       119271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        119271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84689747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84689747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84689747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84689747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84689747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84689747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       119307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       119307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       119307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       119307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       119307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2352492.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2352492.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2352492.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2352492.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2352492.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2352492.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72726922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72726922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72726922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72726922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72726922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72726922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2597390.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2597390.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2597390.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2597390.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2597390.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2597390.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              112792035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             171939.077744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   157.466225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    98.533775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.615102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.384898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        80466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        67142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       147608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         147608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       147608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        147608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    428487618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    428487618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1155966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    429643584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    429643584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    429643584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    429643584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        81766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        67156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       148922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       148922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 329605.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 329605.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        82569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 326973.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 326973.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 326973.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 326973.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    117918524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117918524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    118110824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118110824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    118110824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118110824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 297023.989924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297023.989924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 295277.060000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295277.060000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 295277.060000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295277.060000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              555.551532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              765680952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1377124.014388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.551532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.020115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.890307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       104935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       104935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         104935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       104935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        104935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18697103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18697103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18697103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18697103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18697103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18697103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       104955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       104955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       104955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       104955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       104955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 934855.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934855.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 934855.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934855.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 934855.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934855.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13119077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13119077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13119077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13119077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13119077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13119077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1009159.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1009159.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1009159.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1009159.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1009159.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1009159.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              287932358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             298995.179647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   101.663353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   154.336647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.397122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.602878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       267067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        267067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       145478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       412545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         412545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       412545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        412545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1417739300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1417739300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1417739300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1417739300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1417739300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1417739300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       269717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       269717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       145478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       415195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       415195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       415195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       415195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 534995.962264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 534995.962264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 534995.962264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 534995.962264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 534995.962264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 534995.962264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1943                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1943                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    370480290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    370480290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    370480290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    370480290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    370480290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    370480290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 524017.383310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 524017.383310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 524017.383310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 524017.383310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 524017.383310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 524017.383310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              472.566328                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750130541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1553065.302277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    17.566328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.028151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       122574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       122574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         122574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       122574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        122574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    155068439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155068439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    155068439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    155068439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    155068439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    155068439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       122613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       122613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       122613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       122613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       122613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3976113.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3976113.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3976113.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3976113.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3976113.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3976113.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3430450                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 857612.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96497222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96497222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96497222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96497222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96497222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96497222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3446329.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3446329.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3446329.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3446329.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3446329.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3446329.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  345                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              108894155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             181188.277870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   117.435551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   138.564449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.458733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.541267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        96812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        70860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       167672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         167672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       167672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        167672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    183374021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    183374021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    184366765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    184366765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    184366765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    184366765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        97661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        70872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       168533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       168533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 215988.246172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215988.246172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 214130.969803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 214130.969803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 214130.969803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 214130.969803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84615610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84615610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84823963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84823963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84823963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84823963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 247414.064327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247414.064327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 245866.559420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245866.559420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 245866.559420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245866.559420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              501.416793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              750383850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1494788.545817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.416793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.019899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        91400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        91400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total          91400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        91400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total         91400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     16179884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16179884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     16179884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16179884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     16179884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16179884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        91419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        91419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total        91419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        91419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total        91419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 851572.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851572.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 851572.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851572.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 851572.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851572.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12808843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12808843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12808843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12808843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12808843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12808843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 985295.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985295.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 985295.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985295.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 985295.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985295.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  789                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              125036013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             119651.687081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   173.953442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    82.046558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.679506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.320494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        68831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        55483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       124314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         124314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       124314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        124314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1230280797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1230280797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    314775804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    314775804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1545056601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1545056601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1545056601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1545056601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        70709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        55820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       126529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       126529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.026560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 655101.595847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 655101.595847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 934052.830861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934052.830861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 697542.483521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 697542.483521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 697542.483521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 697542.483521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          355                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             355                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    484760918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    484760918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37963753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37963753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    522724671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    522724671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    522724671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    522724671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 647210.838451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 647210.838451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 949093.825000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 949093.825000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 662515.425856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 662515.425856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 662515.425856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 662515.425856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              556.206266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              765680244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1374650.348294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.206266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.021164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       104227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       104227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         104227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       104227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        104227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20119176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20119176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20119176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20119176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20119176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20119176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       104246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       104246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       104246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       104246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       104246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1058904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1058904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1058904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1058904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1058904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1058904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14533051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14533051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14533051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14533051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14533051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14533051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1038075.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1038075.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1038075.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1038075.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1038075.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1038075.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              287927416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             298679.892116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   101.543414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   154.456586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.396654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.603346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       263705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        263705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       143898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       143898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       407603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         407603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       407603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        407603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1457280550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1457280550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1457280550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1457280550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1457280550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1457280550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       266363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       266363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       143898                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       143898                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       410261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       410261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       410261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       410261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 548262.057938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 548262.057938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 548262.057938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 548262.057938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 548262.057938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 548262.057938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1950                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1950                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    393812462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    393812462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    393812462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    393812462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    393812462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    393812462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 556232.290960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 556232.290960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 556232.290960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 556232.290960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 556232.290960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 556232.290960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              472.566380                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              750130526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1553065.271222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.566380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.028151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         122559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        122559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    153857697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153857697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    153857697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    153857697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    153857697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    153857697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       122599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       122599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3846442.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3846442.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3846442.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3846442.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3846442.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3846442.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3444414                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 861103.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95460170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95460170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95460170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95460170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95460170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95460170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3409291.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3409291.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3409291.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3409291.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3409291.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3409291.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  345                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              108894127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             181188.231281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   117.424554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   138.575446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.458690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.541310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        96797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        70849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       167646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         167646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       167646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        167646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    182398220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    182398220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       993215                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993215                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    183391435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    183391435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    183391435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    183391435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        97646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        70861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       168507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       168507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 214838.892815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 214838.892815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 82767.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82767.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 212998.182346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 212998.182346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 212998.182346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 212998.182346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83639278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83639278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       208427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83847705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83847705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83847705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83847705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 244559.292398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244559.292398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69475.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69475.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 243036.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243036.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 243036.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243036.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
